---
layout:     post
title:      "Spiritual Solvency"
date:       2016-06-28 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a real question for real people living real lives:  "Any immunity from the backlash of living in an unfriendly, judgmental, critical world?"  The answer is not the "yes or no" that we might be looking for. The quest for "spiritual solvency" of soul has a Biblical answer.  Yes, we can stay in the business of joyful Christianity!  God has the answer when feelings get hurt, when motives are misjudged, when your reputation is misrepresented, and when "friends" override their boundaries.  Along comes the Lord's counsel  to take care of "situations" you never bargained for.  He puts a handle of "stuff handed to you,"  and it's  not a matter of "how do I react?"  It's a matter of "how do I act" out the power of His life within.  Here's a verse to meditate on when the heat is on: "But I will sing of thy power; yea, I will sing aloud of thy mercy in the morning: for thou hast been my defense and refuge in the day of my trouble" (Psalm 59:16).   When the offending comes at you, His defending comes TO YOU AND FOR YOU!    Singing is always a Biblical sign of a victor being "on top of it all!"  As the Lord sides with us and we with the Lord, we are on the "spiritual success plateau," singing victory chants at the top.  Oh, be there, & claim this verse when trouble knocks at your door:  "Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever" {Romans 9:5).  Allow Christ to come to you in your day of trouble, being your defense. You don't have to defend yourself when He takes care of it all, being CHRIST OVER ALL. When the Lord is in the picture with you, we can live on top of it all in the blessed (happy) state of "God blessed for ever!"
