---
layout:     post
title:      "The 'Up and Going Again' Spiritual Tonic for Your Soul"
date:       2016-04-26 10:00:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---


Running on empty?   Could be?  Maybe?  Well, here's a "SHALL BE" that can be infused in our lives to take care of and to fill that empty.  Please consider two essentials for us all to "keep on keeping on!" -  Life and light!  We need both to operate our spiritual system; the source for both life and light is a given by our Lord, and the spiritual "get up and go" power they both bring is a promise of spiritual fuel from our Lord: "For with thee is the fountain of life: in thy light shall we see light" (Psalm 36:9).  His fountain of life ushers forth to refresh us, motivating us by setting us on our way; and His light is shining forth, for us to see what we can be for Him to keep us on that way.  What a motivating spiritual influence!  Both life and light have power enough to dispel that depressing darkness  convoluting our way.  Things change WITH HIM!  Being in Him and Him in you bring a glorious "full of life" daily walk.  Living in and for Him brings that moment by moment "up and going" motivation from and for our Lord; & that life-walk can be translated as spiritual energy for your soul, a Biblical tonic of spiritual Geritol, if you will.  Need some?  Receive some!  Get some!  The essentials for your daily walk with Him comes fresh off the counter of the Spiritual Physician (Jeremiah 8:22);  HE knows how our spiritual system works, can get working again, and keep working - again.  His life and His light will do the job!
