---
layout:     post
title:      Antennas Up, Please
date:       2017-11-1 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Spiritual reception, what an important word in the Christian's life.  We all possess that God-given spiritual antenna that brings in the Lord's reception of His peace, power, and His presence.  He keeps us in spiritual operation with those edifying directives from His Holy Spirit and His WORD.  Then again, there is "the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience" (Ephesians 2:2).  The WORD tells us that the enemy is present, has real power, and has definitive persuasion of evil against the good in this world, posing as the god of this world (its system).  The evil one will use his worst that he has in him to try to defeat the best that we have in us (the living presence of Christ).  Yes, we need the reception of the WORD and His power, giving us "heads up" to combat those Satanic signals directed toward the antenna of our hearts.  "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices" (2 Corinthians 2:11). His devices are for Christians to live in fear and discouragement. The Evil one will also disguise himself as an "angel of light" (2 Corinthians 11:14) in his evil attempt for heart control, desiring us to obey him as god.  Then, since he is defeated already (Colossians 2:15), he will engage the use of his defeat mechanism, tempting us to step down from our victory's stand, elevated by our Lord.  Oh, lift the antenna high unto receiving the the Lord's power over Satan's devices, disguises, and defeatism.  Tune your heart to WORD RECEPTION:  "Fear thou not; for I am with thee, be not dismayed for I am thy God: I will strengthen thee, yea I will help thee, yea I will uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness" (Isaiah 41:10).  "Fear thou not" will take care of Satan's device of his use of fear.  "I am with thee" will unmask the "angel of light's" disguise.  "I will strengthen thee ... help thee ... uphold thee with the right hand of my righteousness" will neutralize of any defeatism found in Satan's arsenal. Then, when all is said and done, with your spiritual antenna up, ready, and receiving the spiritual signals from the Lord,  the Holy Spirit empowers you with the WORD: "Thou shalt rejoice in the LORD and shall glory in the Holy One of Israel" (v. 16).  Antennas up please!!
