---
layout:     post
title:      A Moment in Time - For You
date:       2017-11-8 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Any close encounters with your Lord lately?  Any special conversations with the ONE who loves you dearly, and all the while His Holy Spirit is witnessing within, telling you that your part in the dialogue "got through?"  Any heart-felt activity from the most interesting "living person" alive, with whom you can relate?  Oh, blessed soul, when the talking begins, your heart can be beating again with His same spiritual rhythm.  Then, when His Life happens in you, you are ready in getting back to living your life in His fullness again.  It all begins with the WORD, HIS WORD spoken to your heart.  Remember the woman at the well, and her personal encounter with the LIVING WATER (John 4), namely with the Christ Who would transform her thirsty heart into one who would "never thirst again (v. 13-14)?"  The Living Word spoke His Word that day, and things changed forever.  The Word does exactly that - changes things, forever, because His Word is eternal.  True, we can't really change ourselves; at times, we cannot change our circumstances or situations that "now belong to us."  Here's the refreshing part of the Water of the Life, His never changing Word can change us (from thirsty to "never thirst again), and "His water drinkers,"  now refreshed, can live with whatever life has given them.   When we have a personal encounter with the written Word, the Living Water of the Word is in personal attendance.  Imagine being there with the woman at the well, when Jesus heard her words that day, "I know that Messias cometh, which is called Christ: when he is come, he will tells us all things" (v. 25).  Then a most revelatory heart to heart Word-experience came to that thirsty woman in that moment of time, "I that speak unto thee am he" (v. 26).  Thirsty?  Open the book, then listen to His voice, "I that speak unto thee am he."  It's all about Jesus speaking to you today, in your moment in time.  When He pours His water of the Word into your soul remember this: "Whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst, but the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life (v. 14).  Yes, Messiah cometh; He comes with His water springing up in your heart!  Open the book; partake of His water living, and taste for yourself. Then get ready for that moment in time encounter with the LIVING WATER WHO changes lives, together with our life's perspectives, when we are changed.
