---
layout:     post
title:      How High Can You Count
date:       2017-3-14 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a question that we may all have addressed at one time or another, directed toward our little ones, zealously learning those new found numbers, "How high can you count today?"  Oh, don't we just love to hear their child-like response, the higher, the better.  So let the count begin in their joyful response, shared in our appreciation with those little hearts of big wonder. Oh, our Father in heaven likewise loves to hear His children do that "HIGH COUNT" regarding appreciation of His daily bestowed blessings on our lives.  Here's an admonition addressed to those who have sung the hymns of the faith, "Count your blessings, name them one by one."  Yes, those blessings become so real when we appreciate the Lord's goodness given to us, namely: life, joy, family, jobs, peace of mind, homes, friends, ministry, freedom of worship, and list goes on.  Then, the counting of all those blessings gets higher as we dwell in the Spirit of God with His relating them to us & then His self-same Spirit comes with His worshipful presence swelling up within us.  Now, please think for a minute of the of things NOT directed to us, namely, the "lot" among those not choosing to walk with their Creator-God.  Here they are, and let the re-counting begin. "Among these (the ones not walking with God) .. the LORD shall give thee a trembling heart, and failing of eyes, and sorrow of mind ... and thy life shall hang in doubt before thee, and thou shalt fear day and night, and shalt have none assurance of life" (Deuteronomy 28:65-66).  A life like that 'DOESN'T COUNT FOR MUCH!"  However, here's some additional blessings, let's do some shifting of that verse in reverse, when you do it gives us more of that which pertains to God's life of blessing directed toward us.  Oh, count THAT which God gives us, THEN number that which He withholds from us to see anew those blessed truths which in turn bear the true meaning of life. "How high can you count today?" Let the counting begin! 
