---
layout:     post
title:      Be Thou Exalted
date:       2017-6-27 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Exalted" - what a word, a Bible word!  Exalted - what an activity, and a spiritual one at that.  Exalted - its all about the ONE already in that "lifted up on high" exclusive position of divine prominence.  Yes, He is our exalted Lord God, "high and lifted up" (Isaiah 6:1).  The Psalmist cherished that ascendant position reserved only for the One he called LORD: "Be thou exalted, LORD, in thine own strength: so will we sing and praise thy power" (Psalm 21:13). Tucked away in that verse is a practical blessing given to those dedicated to a life of praise unto their LORD.  Life's key to opening His life's door for His joy to be given, gives us His power to live His life within for our everyday challenges.   We cling to His power to live life because we need that power with HIS LIFE'S moment by moment momentum, as we replenish strength day by day in our day's exhausting activity.  It's all about His power within, by exercising a worshipful experience as did the Psalmist, by exalting HIM.  When we lift Him up, He lifts us up as well to the place of His joyful strength in life.  He gives us the strength to live life in His power: "so shall.we sing" remembering "the joy of the Lord is your strength" (Nehemiah 8:10).  Oh yes, it's all about His praise; oh yes, it's all about lifting Him up (and not ourselves); oh yes, exalt Him and be lifted in the joy of His song with a strengthened  joy heart.  Oh yes, that's a powerful place, that place of exalted praise; we can live there because it's a powerful life place to live.  That place of His power is the spiritual location where He gives us the strength of joy to live life; oh, let us all join Him there in the place of His exalted, praise-worthy, prominent place.  So: our spiritual assignment for today, and everyday: Replenish yourselves with some spiritual energy by living this verse in your heart:  "Be thou exalted, LORD" (Psalm 21:13).
