---
layout:     post
title:      Accomplished and Prosperous
date:       2017-6-20 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a great Biblical thought about thoughts upon which to muse, "For my thoughts are not your thoughts, neither are your ways my ways, saith the LORD" (Isaiah 55:8). Yes, His higher thoughts lead to His higher ways.   Thoughts are so important in life because our thought life leads to our way in life.  Question, "which way are we headed?"  How about, "Where do I go from here?"  Oh yes, thoughts are of utmost importance leading to the direction taken.  Thoughts begin in the heart, so then it is wise to "keep thy heart with all diligence, for out of it are the issues of life"  (Proverbs 4:23),   So true is the old proverb: "I think and therefore I am" and with the "am" comes that person of thought being translated to his action taken.  Sow a thought, reap an action; sow an action, reap a habit; sow a habit, reap a character; sow a character, reap a destiny.  Yes, a destiny will be reached, and it ends there; however, backing up, if a thing is started right, it is well on the pathway of ending right.  It all begins with our way of thinking God's thoughts after Him by responding to His Word.  "So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth, it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it" (v. 11).  This verse, with His Word and His way can become so real in your life and service for Him.  Want a life characterized by those two words: "accomplished & prosperous?"   Could it be that we at times get stuck in our "old stubborn way of thinking" that gets us no where fast.  God's Word leading to God's way is tried, tested, and proven, because it is founded upon His higher way of thinking, namely HIS WORD.   Allow His Spirit to take your thought life to His higher level of thinking.  "Let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus" (Philippians 2:5).  A God accomplished & prosperous life and service begins with His higher thoughts. 
