---
layout:     post
title:      Your Walk Partner
date:       2017-10-3 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Decisions, decisions, decisions...   We all make them, and hopefully we are willing to make the right choices. The journey in life has many roads, hazardous detours, and highways well traveled.  So it is so important that we mark well our way in life, and choose wisely our way of life because more than likely we will arrive at the destination of our charted course.  Yes, we do have to live with the results of the direction in which we choose to go; decisions lead to directives, and directives lead to destinations.  So "where we are headed?"   Yes, it all comes down to the question we ultimately have to ask ourselves, "just what is the right thing to do and what road do I choose?" Then, we have to consider, "Where do I want to be on my journey, and who will I be at the end of my journey?" We are all "becoming of whom we are" as we travel on in the decision making process in life.  Wouldn't it be great if we had access to a personal counselor who does indeed have a track record of one hundred per cent accuracy in our everyday right choices. Good news to the child of God walking with His Lord, His name is Counselor (Isaiah 9:6), and He is on hand and can be in heart.  He assures us that He "will instruct thee and teach thee in the way which thou shalt go: I will guide thee with mine eye" (Psalm 32:8).  This verse speaks of the "thee" of whom the Lord can show the way.  Oh, but be the one defined as such, because he is the one that the Lord guides with His eye of divine "better than" 20/20 vision.  By way of explanation of this Word directive, in order to make the right choices, we need to be of those who are willing to be instructed with the Word of His counsel and also being teachable in the way of the Lord (v.8).  Being wise and prudent can enable us all to head in the right direction in life.  "Who is wise and he shall understand these things?  Prudent, and he shall know them?  For the ways of the LORD are right, and the just shall walk in them" (Hosea 14:9).  The wisdom of a life well traveled is this, "If a journey is started right, it should end right by being on the road right."  Walking in His way is the good way (Jeremiah 6:16) the restful way (v. 16), the profitable way (Isaiah 47:17), the prayerful way ("teach me thy way" {Psalm 86:11}), and most importantly, Jesus is"the way" (John 14:6).  When choosing Him as your walk partner, you choose the way of life, which is "above to the wise, that you may depart from hell beneath"  (Proverbs 15:24).  
