---
layout:     post
title:      The Crosshairs of Our Faith
date:       2017-7-25 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 Here's a verse that can be a catalyst for being a real faith-builder, which we all need in order to keep our daily walk with our Lord powerful, practical, and personal - all offered to us from the Word of God:  "But we see Jesus" (Heb. 2:9).  Our daily spiritual assignment can be summed up, simplified, and sustained with two wonderful words: "SEEING HIM."   What a spiritual mission, assignment, and focus for our Christian growth.  "Seeing Him" is clearly presented in the Hebrews chapter two context, and it's our's for the keeping if we bring the WORD into our hearts, the only place where true faith lives.   Yes, we can take that personal step forward in our faith's walk by placing a Biblical view of SEEING JESUS  before our spiritual eyes.  As the visage of Who He is becomes Scripture clear to us, our "seeing Jesus" will then be in the cross-hairs of faith.  Oh make your faith-aim true and personal; oh, take aim with your heart: "I will put my trust in Him" (Hebrews 2:13).  Only personal trust & faith will help keep our eyes off the many distractions that impede our spiritual growth, mission, and divine purpose that needs to be fulfilled in life.  Then with the same spiritual fervor as we have used in the aim, that same fervor will be our's in shooting for and toward the real target in in our life:  to be like Him,  conformed to His likeness (Romans 8:29).  What an attraction, to become of His likeness, for "Christ to be formed in you" (Galatians 4:19).   He alone gives us the grace, power, and loving attraction for that transformation to become oh so real.  It begins with "seeing Jesus" who  attracts our attention continually in our daily walk with Him.   As born again believers, we know exactly what He has done for us.  If He died for me and now lives in me, there is now no cause for obstructed vision.  We all can be in the "looking unto Jesus" business (12:2).  Yes, we "see Jesus" as "the Captain of salvation" (v. 10).  We "see Jesus" being "crowned with glory and honor" (v. 9).   We "see Jesus" "for it became him for whom are all things" (v. 10).  May it said of us as Scripture speaks to us, for the His image  to "become us" in seeing Jesus!
