---
layout:     post
title:      Wonder No More
date:       2017-9-18 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Have you ever wondered what the Lord is thinking,  how about what His thoughts are toward you?  Has it crossed your mind concerning His personal involvement in your life?  Wondering about it all?  Well, here's something "wonder full" on which to set you mind.   To the children of God, there is a wonderful "so-close loving relationship" offered by our Father, that He desires to share with His family.  Here's some good news for the believer desiring that in-touch personal relationship established from the spiritual family bond given by His Lord: "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace and not of evil to give you an expected end" (Jeremiah 29:11).  The Lord's thinking process is something we can now attempt to process in our spiritual thinking.  Set your mind on the intent and content of the verse shared by the prophet Jeremiah:  His name is LORD; namely, He is our personal God as He relates to His own, meaning that He is the One fulfilling every need (Philippians 4:19).  His never ending activity is that of One who "thinks toward you" to the extent that you are on His mind every moment of every day ("the Lord thinketh upon me" {Psalm 40:17}).  His nature is One of peace, namely that divine tranquility of which He desires to share with the one needing peace in his walk-step with "the Lord of peace" (II Thessalonians 3:16).  His next involvement in your life is that of His sovereign decree. His heart is that of concern with His plan for you, to give you an "expected end" as the "LORD will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8).  Oh, WONDER NO MORE.  You are never alone when it comes to the Lord's personal involvement in your life;  "thou shall see ... my word shall come to pass" (Numbers 11:23).  Now, think His thoughts after Him, just as Jeremiah did, and then be ready for His plan to unfold wonderfully, because He is thinking on you TODAY and everyday.  Now, isn't that WONDER FULL, all because He is WONDERFUL!
