---
layout:     post
title:      Wave High the Ensign of Truth
date:       2017-7-4 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

We celebrate our freedom today, joyfully and with heart-felt gratitude. Yes, we pause today to thank the Lord & thanks be to the memory of those who gave the ultimate sacrifice, dying for freedom's cause.  Oh, not only knowing we are free, but being free and living free, what an experience, and a spiritual one at that.  The foundation of our freedom has been set by the Author of freedom -  in the spiritual realm.  So very true, and that being said, we must now view freedom, the word: what a word, & much more than a word, a Biblical word.  When that living word "freedom" is defined personally in one's life, it attaches itself to that person with spiritual power, and that freedom touches him, going beyond the physical realm.  It approaches our lives and then rises to the level of the spiritual, and the Spirit's activity liberating us.  Living in and living out freedom's cause brings a life elevated to His place of spiritual wonder.   Freedom is all about our relationship with Truth, His wonder-filled truth.  Truth comes to us, heaven-sent from the Author of truth.  Jesus, as "the Truth" (John 14:6) liberates truth seekers from those rusty old chains linked to the lie, being bound to self, sin & spiritual bondage.  It's all about "being in the know" - it's all about  KNOWING HIM.  "Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free" (John 8:32).  Jesus is speaking of His person of truth and the freedom He possesses and proclaims in the lives of Truth lovers and in hearts of Truth lived.   The beauty of freedom in life is found in one's relationship to truth, that, my friend will determine the extent of our experience to live free.  Yes, He is "the Truth," and when you know Him, He becomes "the Way, the Truth, and the Life" (John 14:6).  Wave that ensign of HIS TRUTH high as you walk in His Glorious Spirit of truth: "Now the Lord is that Spirit: and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty" (2 Corinthians 3:17).
