---
layout:     post
title:      The Lord's Classroom of Spiritual Math
date:       2017-7-11 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Let's add it up, spiritual qualities of godly faith that is.  Let's sit down in the LORD'S classroom and draw our attention to our Spiritual Math Teacher.  This is what HE has to tell us:  "Add to godliness brotherly kindness; and to brotherly kindness charity" (2 Peter 1:7).  What stands out in this verse is that which spiritual believers hold dear as the essentials in their Christian walk: kindness & love.  Spiritual people love the Spirit's fullness in their lives, and it bubbles over from their lives to others needing what the Lord has given them.  Look closely at the Holy Spirit's inspired Word in the context & you will discover that godliness precedes the Holy Spirit's fruit of kindness.  Kind people are first godly, as a result of walking with their LORD.  Believers walking in the Spirit desire to be kind.  You can't be kind if you are not godly.  We reveal who we are by the behavior and attitudes that we project to others.  Oh be "ye kind one to another, tenderhearted" (Ephesians 4:32).  For if kindness "be in you and abound, ye shall neither be barren nor unfruitful" (v.8).  How about the "kindless" - "He that lacketh these things is blind" (v. 9).  0h,"have your spiritual lights on" in order to see where you are going with other people's lives affected by your life, assist in their spiritual journey, helping them get to their destination, without bumping into them with KINDLESS words and attitudes. Oh, be kind to others.  Remember, Jesus HAS BEEN, IS, AND ALWAYS WILL BE KIND to you: "That in the ages to come he might shew the exceeding riches of his grace in his kindness toward us" (Ephesians 2:7).  If that kindness is not attached to us, there is a spiritual math problem that just "doesn't add up."  Allow the TEACHER to come to the desk of the one needing CORRECTION, allowing HIS tutoring of kindness.  He will tell us that "the fruit of the Spirit is .... kindness" (Galatians 5:22).  We need that from each other, DON'T WE!!!!!
