---
layout:     post
title:      The Elevated Place
date:       2017-5-2 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Wondering if those prayers of your's are getting through to our Lord?  Been asking yourself the question,"Is He hearing me today?"  Then comes the insecure emotion we all do not like experiencing, namely, "How can an imperfect one such as me assume that the Perfect ONE such as HIM have an ear for such a one as me?"   Oh the reality of it all, and we all face it together, because we are all in the same inclusive club of "non-arrivals" in the matter of personal-perfect-righteousness.  We did not hit that perfect plateau yesterday,  won't arrive there today, nor will it be a self-righteous jump in standing, happening tomorrow.  Personal imperfection is so permanent, and personal perfection is so impossible - on our own.  God knows that, and He provides the Word to elevate us to the power-place of prayer.  We need to own something that is of HIS OWN.!  His righteousness (I Corinthians 1:30) comes to the rescue regarding our prayer life: "Hear me when I call, O God of my righteousness: thou hast enlarged me when I was in distress; have mercy upon me, and hear my prayer" (Psalm 4:1).  Please note: no need for "distress" (v. 1) concerning any anxieties clawing at your prayer life because He  immediately releases those clever clutches that are dug in there.  When?  It's when God's righteousness steps in, we claim it as we walk with Him, and in that moment of time, the Eternal Lord enlarges the heart with confidence!  The answers come on the basis of abiding in his righteousness, not our's.  That's why we pray "in Jesus Name - AMEN!"  Just abide in him & keep praying, & the answers will keep coming. "If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you" (John 15:7).  When we have a prayer-life in that confidence, our lives are lived in the same - confidence.  Try His righteousness on for size for a life fitted in prayer.
