---
layout:     post
title:      His Word-Powered Drive Gear
date:       2017-4-4 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 Heard those words lately, just when you needed them the most:  "Stick with it!" "Don't quit now!"  "Keep both of those oars in the water!" "Full steam ahead!" "Keep on keeping on!"  Oh, we love to hear those encouraging words from others as we muster up that servant's strength to minister for our Lord.  Those uplifting words from SPIRIT-FILLED Christian friends hopefully keep us focused on what the Lord has called us to do.  However, there are times when man's words are not powerful enough to keep our soul's transmission in that forward drive gear of service. Then the Lord Himself COMES and reminds us with some words most influential, His, with  His Word-powered motivation:  "For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labour of love, which ye have shewed toward his name, in that ye have ministered to the saints, and do minister" (Hebrews 6:10).  With His words then spoken, our soul seems to grow wings that take us in flight to new heights of service.  Oh, that Holy Spirit unction, coupled with what He says (encouraging words),  and when He says it (at times when encouragement is so needed), & how He says it (from His heart of encouragement); He changes us with THOSE UPLIFTING WORDS.  Then, when we get that second wind, breathing in His inspirational, spiritual presence, we are enabled to continue on in our spiritual ministry,  We then can pass on that spiritual boost of encouragement to others with heart-filled words, vs those disheartening words of those not walking with the Lord.  Oh, what we say to our brother or sister in Christ can make the difference in their every day walk, coupled with their struggles in life.  Please consider the words of Boaz to Ruth in the heat of her day: The LORD recompense thy work, and a full reward be given thee of the LORD God of Israel, under whose WINGS thou art come to trust" (Ruth 2:12).   Oh LET the uplifting of THOSE WINGS  bring uplifting "communication to proceed out of our mouth  ... that which is good to the use of edifying that it may minister grace unto the hearers" (Ephesians 4:29).  It's all a matter of our spiritual transmission in His forward drive gear; His Words to us, and those Words then transmitted to our brothers and sisters in Christ.  "Let the word dwell in you richly in all wisdom, teaching and admonishing one another ,,, with grace in your hearts to the Lord" (Colossians 3:16).  Let's all make sure that HIS FORWARD DRIVE GEAR is "oiled" daily; that will keep us all moving forward with those most encouraging words of HIS.
