---
layout:     post
title:      Coming Back to You
date:       2017-5-9 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Living in the fear of the Lord is a wonderful day to day heart preoccupation.  Think about this most important, powerful truth.  We fulfill our life's purpose with personal delight as we are awakened to His high calling in life:  "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter, fear God and keep his commandment: for this the whole duty of man" (Ecclesiastes 12:13).   A reverential, worshipful respect to Him and His Word is a most important, cherished quest to be chosen  by us all, and then that godly respect can be given unto our Creator as we live for Him.  Respect from the God-fearing goes a long way, even to the extent that our godly respect reaps life-giving rewards.  Rewards, oh most certainly, even to the precious point of having His divine respect coming back to you. Imagine the Lord's respect singled out to you, then coming to you, and then ultimately resting on you - personally.  Imagine no more; here's the spiritual reality  of it all coming to your world of faith, then energizing you in that  journey of faith, and then YOU being spiritually alive in that faith fulfilled.  Here's a most descriptive verse:  "The LORD was gracious unto them, and had compassion on them, and had RESPECT unto them, because of his covenant with Abraham, Isaac, and Jacob, and would not destroy them, neither cast he them from his presence ..." (2 Kings 13:23).  Oh, relish in God's covenant of Calvary's grace today; coupled with His compassion, because living in grace can bring a "coming back to you respect!"  You see, "the LORD ... had RESPECT unto them" (v. 23), and He has respect unto us as well.  Here's the added blessing: the Lord won't cast us from His presence (v. 23); so keep on fearing Him, and live in that "respectful place" - His.  So, with His respect to you, on you, and for you, you are now a chosen vessel of His respect, alive in Him as you are living in the fear of the Lord.  That's a wonderful place to live, because that's where His respect lives; and can bring us on our spiritual journey  - alive and well!
