---
layout:     post
title:      Your Christmas Merry
date:       2017-12-20 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Desiring the MERRY in Merry Christmas? We wish that merriment found in the true meaning of Christmas to be alive in others, and we also look for that joyful gaiety to become ever so real in our lives. Here's the answer to our longing for & our earnest quest for FESTIVE JOY this Christmas, all surrounding the wisdom of the Magi. It begins with the miracle for the Magi, namely, the providential star in the east that led them to the Savior. "When they saw the star, they rejoiced with exceeding great joy" (Matthew 2:10). The reason: that God-appointed star would obey His divine decree to arrive at its glorious destination and shine over the prophesied Christ (Micah 5:2). With that said, there also would be a divine spiritual leading that would be obeyed in the hearts of men described as so wise. With the light of the star received and the SPIRIT of illumination obeyed in the hearts of the wise, they arrived at that most glorious destination. That glorious light brought those Wise Men joy. The joy-blessing is also your's this Christmas: His star still shines as the Light that gives life to man. There is no LIGHT brighter than the REAL LIGHT of Christmas: JESUS. His light received brings His joy in life because "In him was life; and the life was the light of man (John 1:4). Yes, light leads us to His life that gives joy, His to become your's. "These things have I spoken unto you, that my joy might remain in you and that your joy might be full (John 15:11). He remains the Star of Bethlehem, our Star for the leading in His light to give us Christmas joy! Join with the Magi this Christmas and "rejoice with exceeding joy!" Oh, rejoice this Christmas because God's appointed light of life leads to God's appointed JOY in HIS LIFE, exceedingly great (Matthew 2:10).
