---
layout:     post
title:      Christmas Never Ends
date:       2017-12-27 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Oh, dear child of God, think about the greatest gift ever given. The first Christmas was all about the gift of Jesus HIMSELF, in His coming: His birth, His love, His redeeming grace, His salvation plan, and HIS STORY that changed history for man. There is more to HISTORY than the BC/AD dating calendar, there can now be the date on the calendar of personal salvation. If the baby Jesus had not been born in that lowly manger, we would never enjoy our "exalted position in HIM, all because of the new birth" (John 3:3, Ephesians 2:6). He came from His home in heaven, coming to earth to be our Savior, so that heaven could be our home. Christmas was, is, and always will be about Him. The BEST gift-giving was from Him, and "born-again" believers "have obtained (that gift, namely) like precious faith ... through the righteousness of God and our Savior Jesus Christ" (II Peter 1:1). Not our righteousness, but His imputed to us, freely given is His most precious gift to us. Yes, heaven bound because of salvation found! There's more to salvation than being saved, there is eternal life now to be enjoyed. Yes, Christmas never ends for the believer with a spiritual shovel, digging deep into the truths of God's Word. Peter goes on to tell us that the believer possessing "like precious faith" has "grace and peace multiplied{" unto them (v. 2). Oh, Christmas never ends, because "according as his divine power hath given unto us all things that pertain unto life and godliness" (v. 3). Oh, live in His peace, joy, and abundant life in Him (John 10:10), all given to you through Jesus, "the way, the truth, and the life (John 14:6). Want a "NEVER ENDING CHRISTMAS?" The Lord has "given unto us exceeding great and precious promises" (v. 4) pertaining to LIFE, all made possible because of His gift of life, through the new birth - all because of His birth. He was born to die, that we might live. Look to Him, LIVE IN HIM; it is all possible and powerful through HIS LIFE IN YOU. Be found in HIM, be found in His Word, be found walking in His Spirit, be encouraged "through the knowledge of God, and of Jesus our Lord" (v. 2). It's true, Christmas never ends, when we have discovered that Christmas is all about LIFE IN HIM, empowered by HIM (v. 3).
