---
layout:     post
title:      Heart Thirsty?
date:       2017-3-28 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Thirsty anyone?  Oh, we all get there, to that place of thirst & then long for that drink in the order of sustaining life.  The quest of quenching thirst is a all about maintaining life in the physical.  Without that precious water source, in time life will come to crawl, and then appears that death door opening wide for the water famished.   Samson understood that life sustaining principle all too well!  He had an overwhelming thirst of his body pushed to the limit, in its quenching demand.  He talked to his Lord about that dire need of the hour & God heard his cry: "And he was sore athirst, and called on the LORD ...  & God cave an hollow place that was in the jaw, and there came water thereout; and when he had drunk his spirit came again and was revived" (Judges 15:18-19). That water did the job, and what God gave him did indeed revive him (brought him to life again).  Thirsty anyone?  How about a thirst in another dimension; namely, the soul & the spiritual, giving you a thirsty heart.  Heart thirsty for the real meaning of life?  There is that thirst-quest for life's quench of wholesome life fulfillment.   When "God caves an hollow place ... water comes thereout!"   When God's water comes  "thereout" your inner being is quenched of its thirst for life, and is in sync with God's creative heart beat of the joy that sustains life?   Oh, your spirit can be as life-strong as Samson's as "His spirit came again and was revived."   Good news comes to us from the Word, and the Lord speaks of a  time to draw out that water of life: "Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation" (Isaiah 12:3).   As His water is free, so is the joy poured into the bucket of that water, the water  of His salvation.  "And the Spirit and the bride say, Come. And let him that heareth say, Come. And let him that is athirst come.  And whosoever will, let him take of the water of life freely" (Revelation 22:17).  Jesus is the "Water of Life" and He invites us to HIS WATER: "Whosoever drinketh of the water that I shall give him shall never thirst; but the water that i shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life" (John 4:14). Oh, allow God to "cave a hollow place" for His water to come "thereout" - springing up in your heart.
