---
layout:     post
title:      The Spirit of Thanksgiving
date:       2017-11-21 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Happy Thanksgiving!   Those two words are so meaningful to the grateful one who has received the bounty from the hand of "the living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy" (I Timothy 6:17).   The thankful will speak in heart agreement with the Psalmist, "It is a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord" (Psalm 92:1).  From God's giving heart extended to the receiving thankful heart of man, there is more than a material transaction of blessing taking place.  Something SPIRITUAL HAPPENS WITHIN!   The spiritual heart which has been blessed connects with the blessed Spirit of the Lord who gives us something much more than the physical.   Our giving God desires to fill us with His Spirit of thankfulness; then, when we are receptive to His Spirit's movement within, we are overwhelmed in multiplying those moments of "thank you Lord."   Those spiritual moments come to us when engaged in  a spiritual thanksgiving mission.  Remember that verse, "It is a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord?"   Well, that "good" is found at the table of God's thanksgiving, passed along to your assigned seat from our Lord Himself.  Place yourself in that moment of time, when He "... sat at meat with them, (and) he took bread, and blessed it, and brake, and gave to them" (Luke 24:30).  That old familiar activity of Jesus giving "thanks at the table" brought the divine visual most clear to those dreary eyed disciples.  His Spirit of thankfulness at that renewed gathering transcended deeply into their hearts, with the Spirit of HIS same thankfulness becoming their cherished possession.  "Their eyes were opened, and they knew him" (v. 31).  "Knowing Him" in the Spirit of thankfulness is the blessing of the "good thing" (Psalm 92:1) coming from Him:  His Spirit of thankfulness comes to the one desiring to sit at the table of His presence.  Eyes then become open when the heart is open in the Spirit of thanksgiving from Him, with Him, and then back to Him.  May His Spirit of thankfulness bring the festive joy-topping on all the Thanksgiving table trimmings, and enhance all your family-friend fellowship!  Enjoy the "good thing" coming from His Spirit as you are grateful this Thanksgiving - with the SPIRIT of THANKS FROM HIM AND THEN GIVING IT BACK TO HIM.  It's an interpersonal HEART-THING, "a good thing to give thanks unto the Lord" (Psalm 92:1).  A powerful and personal way to experienced a HAPPY THANKSGIVING.