---
layout:     post
title:      What's in It for Me?
date:       2017-2-28 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Have you ever connected with that self-imposed thought, "What's in it for me?"  Agreed, it's not the most spiritual question on the mind of those of us who are fervent followers of our Lord, but it's there!  However, concerning discipleship and its reward, let's find out the mind of our Lord when the disciple Peter asked, "Behold, we have forsaken all, and followed thee: what shall we have therefore?" (Matthew 19:27).  Notice, His answer is totally deplete of divine rebuke, "Verily I say unto you, that ye which have followed me ,,, shall receive and hundredfold, and shall inherit everlasting life" (vs. 28-29).  That "hundredfold" is in the "now in this time" (Mark 10:30), including houses,  and brethren, and sisters, and mothers, and children and lands" (v. 30).  Looks like an inclusive enjoyment of the things that really matter in life, namely a beautiful fellowship with God's people in the "here and now" that enriches your soul, all the way to glory.  So, REALLY, what really is important in life?  Also, what is it that really matters when it's all said and done in your life?  Is it people, places or things?  In answer, let's  re-pose the question, "What's in it for me?"  The answer, God's beautiful in-working of His Spirit in the soul of God's people, living in a disciple relationship with their Lord.  The answer, God bringing you to the "hundredfold" blessing of the gathering with God's people in the fellowship, namely, the body of Christ, His local Bible believing church.  The answer, yes, there is something in it "for me" as I realize that the real important things of life center around LIFE, YES, living breathing souls, His creation of life, and the recreation of His life within, namely God's BORN-AGAIN people.  Oh gather around souls saved in fellowship who POSSESS that imparted divine life. Then, the answer to the real question in life, and concerning LIFE will be  "as for me and my house, we will serve the Lord" (Joshua 24:15).  THAT'S WHAT'S IN IT FOR ME!  Oh, btw I'll see you there this Sunday MORNING.
