---
layout:     post
title:      Keep on Keeping on!
date:       2017-5-30 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Question: "Does the Lord know all about my service for Him and to Him?" Does He peer into that heart of mine, and see those motivations of love that others may seem to dismiss as I serve Him?  Is He watching, looking, & eyeing my serving soul?   One word in the affirmative is fitting as the answer to the service question: ABSOLUTELY. Here's what the Word has to say concerning the dedicated Christian "at work" for Him.   "For God is not unrighteous to forget your work and labor of love, which ye have shewed toward his name ..." (Hebrews 6:10).   Also, here's the Bible answer given to assure us all that our serving souls get that "second wind" in order to keep on keeping on, as we wonder if HE "keeps track" of our heart-felt service for Him:   "Be ye strong therefore, and let not your hands be weak: for your work shall be rewarded" (2 Chronicles 15:7).  When we understand this powerful-for-life spiritual principle, we can be motivated for a continual  "service for the King" spiritual agenda as subjects of His rule in our hearts.  As His Lordship way becomes our discipleship way, there is a mounting SOLID & STRENGTHENED  connection of His life to our lives.   "The righteous also shall lay hold on His way ... and he shall be stronger and stronger" (Job 17:9).   Need some serving-strength to "stay with the stuff?"   Oh stay connected with Him in service,  be faithful to the fellowship of believers you were called to gather with on Sunday morning (remember, it's the Lord's day, not our's), be true to His Word and serve Him gloriously as a reflection of WHO He is, speaking from your heart of His great love and salvation, and being excited about it all as the Word has challenged and changed our hearts to be more like Him.  SO: by His grace at work,  'KEEP ON KEEPING ON - FOR OUR LORD."  Then, when it's all said and done (and it will be some day), there will be something said because of something done, with the most wonderful spoken accolade given:  "Well done (thou) good and faithful servant" (Matthew 25:23).
