---
layout:     post
title:      Better Than a Handshake
date:       2017-3-6 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Remember that old adage "My word is my bond," spoken prior to the handshake that sealed the deal.  True, it's not a most favorable practice done too often anymore.  Hopefully not carried out with a whimsical notion in its custom completion.  Hopefully, the "word-handshake deal" was exchanged in sincerity with the expected trust factor heartily active between parties.  Yes "whatever is said is done" is an action-fit-wording dating back to the Latin with language most emphatic, relating to us the use of its "Dictum Factum!"  Those "said" and "done"  words were man's mutual forward steps finding themselves secure in a solid stance of doing business with each other.  When going back further in time, we discover a distinct Biblical wording most interesting in the Hebrew language, namely, whatever God has spoken is as good as done:   "And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD's hand waxed short? Thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not" (Numbers 11:23).  Need some real HOPE (Bible translation: a confident expectancy)?   HOPE is found in the verity of His word to you: "O Lord GOD, thou art that God, and thy words be true: (II Samuel 7:28).  Also, HOPE is seen in His strength completing work done by His hand: "I will teach your by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty" (Job 27:11).  Oh, listen carefully as God speaks to us today, accompanied by His nail-scarred hands extended to you, with the love that can "seal the deal" in a  daily walk with Him.  Remember, it's God's "better than a handshake" deal with His never "waxed short hand" that reaches out to you in love, backed up with His Word.
