---
layout:     post
title:      Take a Step Up
date:       2017-11-28 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Overwhelmed?  The living soul (mind, will, and emotion) with which God has blessed us, goes in "overload" at times.  How true, it does happen, that our hearts do go through some unexpected, uncomfortable, & grueling experiences.  Once again, the question: "Overwhelmed?"   It is a direct question addressed to us all that is deserving of an honest answer.  God knows the challenges coming to our hearts, and He gives us the answer for "heart trouble" from the Psalmist.  Here's what David had to say: "When my heart is overwhelmed; lead me to the rock that is higher than I" (Psalm 61:2).  As David lived his life for the Lord, he certainly was not immune from the effects of everyday struggles, situations, and setbacks.  The "Book of Psalmody" was inspired by God for His people to be lifted in worship and song, especially when they were found in adverse circumstances.  The Psalmist had his share of experiences that brought discomfort to his heart.  Case in point, when his adversaries were not silent in their assault upon his soul, neither was David.  Instead of giving answer to his opposition, he directed his attention to the Lord, and asked God to "attend unto my prayer" (v. 1).  So, David took the high road, ascending to the Lord's "strong tower from the enemy" (v. 3).   It was a wise choice of action as noticed in the Psalmist singing all the while on his spiritual journey up to the place where discouragement would not follow.  His "low road" adversaries could not follow, for they would not be comfortable at the Lord's place of spiritual fellowship, neither would they frequent that towering place where the spiritually minded meet.   David was of a different breed, spiritually born of God and a man "after God's own heart" (Acts 13:22).  He said, "I will abide in thy tabernacle" (v. 4).  So, David was on the winning side:  together with that abiding, came the assurance:  "Thou wilt prolong the king's life" (v.6).  Life goes on, and so did David's life in God; it was a rewarding life, a worshipful life, & a life of Psalmody, singing with the assurance that God takes care of His own.   So what is the teaching that gets our soul on track when we are overwhelmed?  1) Talk to God about it (Psalm 61:1).   2) Then step up to the "Rock" solid place in HIS life - in you (v. 2).  3)  Realize that God gives and prolongs life (v. 6).   4) He prolongs life even in overwhelming situations. 5) Stay in His tabernacle and sing there.  6) Remember, that which "had" once tried to overwhelm you, cannot touch your soul at His strong tower (v. 3 - out of reach for the adversary).  So, take a step up to the Rock - get "UNDERWHELMED" THERE.