---
layout:     post
title:      The Fear of God Factor
date:       2017-10-10 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Time and eternity - both are authored and graciously orchestrated by our Lord.  The Christian has the blessings of both: we live in time with the quality of Eternal within, namely the Living Lord Himself.  He gives that which is eternal "of Himself" to us - in time.  What He desires to give us is what mankind is really looking for as well: LIFE AND PEACE.  So it is wise to go to the right source for the right life for which we long to have.  Here's the verse: "My covenant (God's agreement) was with him of life and peace" (Malachi 2:5).  The Lord goes on to tell us of the one to whom life and peace is given: "I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me" (v. 5).  God has established His moral law for mankind to be blessed.  When the spiritual law of fearing Him is in effect, you no longer have to chase after life's fulfillment and the "longed for peace" that comes with it.  In a self-stumbling fashion, man has chosen to attain fulfillment in life by sidestepping the walk with the One who created life.  Since the Lord is the Author of life, the LORD of life's situations, and the Sovereign of life's completeness, it is wise to seek the MASTER PLAN OF LIFE.  So, the eternal needs to connect with man in time.  For this spiritual principle to come to life, allow Bible history to be our informative teacher.  God's people have tried it their way and  "rejected his statutes" (II Kings 17:15) and the result was "vanity" (empty lives, v. 15).  Job understood that the "vanity shall be a recompence" of those being "deceived" with their own ways taken in life (Job 15:31,35).  Without God's "life and peace" (Malachi 2:5), "man is like to vanity: his days are as a shadow that passeth away (Psalm 144:4).  Solomon, in all his wisdom understood that "seeing there be many things that increase vanity" (Ecclesiastes 6:11); he experienced it all (possessions, position, pleasure, and promotion - all of which left him empty).  God's wisdom prevailed in giving the real question of life: "what is man the better?" (v. 11).  Solomon, the wise man got it right when the FEAR OF GOD WAS FACTORED IN, "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: Fear God, and keep his commandments: for this is the whole duty of man" (Ecclesiastes 12:13).  The MASTER PLAN is all about "My covenant (God's agreement) of life and peace" is given to the one who fears the Lord.   "AGREE?"
