---
layout:     post
title:      The Burning
date:       2017-10-17 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

From the pulpit to the pew, from one Christian's longing heart to another, we have heard the good news, "the Lord is coming soon!"  The Word tells us so: "Lift up your heads; for your redemption draweth nigh" (Luke 21:28).  Those words of Jesus Christ spoken personally to the redeemed are reminding us all of His expected coming.  "For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God ... then we which are alive and remain shall be caught up (raptured) together ... to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord" (I Thessalonians 4:16-17).  Encouraging?  Absolutely!  "Wherefore comfort one another with these words" (v. 18).  Encouraging?  Absolutely! The Lord is ready to come, He is at the door, to be opened for His blaze of eternal glory to be ushered in, then to be shared with the redeemed.  Encouraging?  Absolutely!  He tells us to be ready, and He gives us the Word enabling us so.  For those walking with Him, as in the parable of the wise virgins prepared and ready.  "The wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps"  and "at midnight there was a cry made, behold the bridegroom cometh ... and those virgins arose and trimmed their lamps" (Matthew 25:4-7).  Encouraging? Absolutely!  Those trimming their lamps are those encouraged, because they are the ones who are burning for Him, being ready for His coming with God-given oil, the symbol of the Holy Spirit in their vessel.  Encouraged? Absolutely!  Born-again believer possess the "oil" of the Holy Spirit:  "Ye are sealed unto the day of redemption" (Ephesians 4:30), and with His power we can have our lamps "trimmed and ready" burning for Him, longing for His coming.  Encouraged?  Absolutely! The Lord readies us as well, "Who shall confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of  our Lord Jesus Christ" (I Corinthians 1:8).  Encouraged?  Absolutely, He prepares you from day one (today) to the HIS COMING day of His appearing (that glorious day).  The Lord will "present you faultless before the presence of his glory with exceeding joy" (Jude 24).  May today be a day of BURNING within, with Holy Spirit oil, longing for His coming.