---
layout:     post
title:      Christmas Demographics
date:       2017-12-13 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 In today's texts, there are real to life Biblical phrases that can come to life, making your Christmas peaceful.  Biblical, written words, all found in the Christ, the LIVING WORD, Who came to earth as a babe FOR YOU, celebrated at this eventful time.  Here then, is the living Word for you: "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace" (John 16:33).  Jesus speaks of the very peace that the "heavenly host" proclaimed, "saying - glory to God in the highest and on earth PEACE, good will toward men (meaning: men of His good will).  Contrariwise, those characterized as men devoid of His "good will" have no clue concerning His Spirit of peace.  They can not pass along to others what they do not possess themselves.  Here's what Jesus had to say about that, "In the world ye (namely, the disciples of Christ) shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world" (John.16:33).  The Christ of Christmas is speaking peace to us, even as we are living in a world of tribulation.  Jesus wants us to know that through it all, as He has overcome it all, His children can experience His peace and cheer - in spite of it all!  "Peace I leave with you, my peace  I give unto you, not as the world giveth, give I unto you, let not your heart be troubled" (John 14:27).  The believer does not have to fall victim to, be troubled by, and be prey to a fallen, tumultuous world, promoting their "no peace" agenda.  "There is no peace, saith the LORD, unto the wicked" (Isaiah 48:22).  To the contrary, living in His overcoming Spirit, we overide it all, because He is "over all" (Ephesians 1:22), and He gives us peace and cheer to fill us all as believers.  It is all a matter of Christmas demographics: "where we live"  and "in whom we live" this Christmas season.  Three essential words: location, location, location.  "In Him we live, and move and have our being" (live, move, & have - Acts 17:28).  Then, three essential gifts will be your's this Christmas: "peace, cheer, and an overcoming Spirit in Him!"  "Now the Lord of peace himself give you peace always by all means.  The Lord be with you all" (II Thessalonians 3:16).  Allow His peace to be your peace, which in turn brings to you His "Merry Christmas!"