---
layout:     post
title:      His Still Small Voice Still Speaks
date:       2017-10-23 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Heard those words lately:  "Please listen to me?"  It is a rewarding activity when we find out "who is doing the talking!"  Decisions, choices, and that follow-up activity begin with the instruction given to the hearing heart of man.  Here's the word to the wise: "hear the instruction of thy father" (Proverbs 1:8), and that exhortation is in the context of "the fear of the LORD" being "the beginning of knowledge" (v. 7).  Our heavenly Father still speaks forth those coveted, clear, and choice words for the wise.  The wise man is the one who thinks God's thoughts after him: "Let this mind be in you which was also in Christ Jesus" (Philippians 2:5).  When we possess and practice the selective listening of the wise, we are in the spiritual position in avoiding the pitfall of the natural man (who orders his life outside of the parameters of wisdom's words, wisdom's way, & wisdom's walk).  Isaiah warns that foolish man, "Thy wisdom and thy knowledge, it hath perverted thee, and thou hast said in thine heart I am, and none else beside me" (47:10).   Yes, the Lord has given us a choice in who we listen to, and also what will be the deciding factors pertaining to our direction then taken in life.  When we find out Who speaks the truth that brings our purpose of life to fruition, we have no problem not being spiritually tone deaf.   Yes, it's all a matter of Who does the talking and then who does the listening.  The Lord tells us, "Hearken unto me" (Isaiah 46:12).  When we do, our lives then take on the fulfillment of God's will at work: "declaring the end from the beginning" and taking care of "the things that are not yet done" (v. 10).  He sees what we cannot see;  He plans beyond our expectations; He brings to pass that which cannot be annulled.  The divine foresight of His providential interest in us takes care of that which lies beyond our natural hopes and temporal dreams. "Eye hath not seen, nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him (I Corinthians 2:9).  When we let Him do the talking, and turn the ear of our obedience to Him in our listening, His purpose being fulfilled in our lives is secure and divinely pleasurable, all executed by His purposeful, personal interaction.  "My counsel shall STAND" being performed in "my PLEASURE" (v.10).  The power of the Word of God goes forth with the pronounced voice of God.  Oh, dear child of God, make your listening choice being tuned in for Him.  When He speaks, things happen in the lives of the ones who have an ear for Him.   Have you heard those words of His lately, "Please listen to me?"  You can hear them if you bring the Psalmist's admonition close to your heart: "Be still and know that I am God" (Psalm 46:10).  Why?  The answer, the Lord speaks with a "still small voice" (I Kings 19:12).  He speaks His pleasurable, purposeful, and predestined plan (Romans 8:28-29) to those who are ready to listen.   "Yea, I have spoken it" (Isaiah 46:11), and when He does, it pertains to all of your "next steps to be taken"  in life.  Oh listen, God has a plan to be fulfilled in your life.  When He speaks, He "will also bring it to pass," the reason, "I have purposed it" and "I will do it" (v. 11).   His still small voice still speaks.