---
layout:     post
title:      The Puzzle Master
date:       2017-8-22 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Found that missing piece yet?  Life is a puzzle at times, and the puzzle of life just won't come alive in complete picturesque form until that "hard to find" integral part is in position. When found, with all the pieces in place, life comes together, presented to us by the Lord's divine design.  Yes, we need all the pieces; let us not fail to find the missing one.  Only the Lord knows where it is to be found, and then when He hands it to us, we know where it needs to be placed. God specializes in the broken pieces in the broken puzzles of broken lives.  God has made the heart, and He can "bind up the brokenhearted" (Isaiah 61:11).  The Lord does the fixing, but we need to hand over all the pieces, even the broken ones. Then the missing piece of His choosing is presented to us.  That most important, essential piece is GLADNESS of heart through the work of God, arranging and rearranging the life of one who needs the Puzzle-Master in control.  The heart of man is His creative work; then, when God is at work with His divine wisdom & power there is the divine prospect of gladness making that work complete.   "For thou, LORD, hast made me glad through thy work" (Psalm 92:4).  "Thy work" is inclusive in His creative work of man, as we "all are the work of His hands" (Job 34:19).  "Know ye that the LORD, he is God, it is he that hath made us, and not we ourselves" (Psalm 100:3).  Here's some solid-sound advice, don't try to fix that which you never made.  Man may try to fix his life to his conjured up completeness with the immoral, the material, more vacations, and the list grows long with all "that which satisfieth not" (Isaiah 55:2).   "WHAT THE LORD MAKES, HE FIXES!  So "make a joyful noise unto the LORD ... serve the LORD with gladness (as the work of His hands): come before His presence with singing"  (Psalm 100:1-2).  Then, while the puzzle of life is being transformed by His  divine, powerful & personal work, God presents to us the missing piece of life: HIS gladness.  PUZZLE SOLVED!
