---
layout:     post
title:      Keep the Peace -- His
date:       2017-9-5 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Question: "How goes the battle?"  Namely, that "tug of war" of good and evil battling for the dominance of the soul of God's people, and the peace that God wants you to enjoy.  No one has to remind us of the ever present evil in this fallen, sinful world.  The Word of God warns us of the "Prince of the power of the air, the spirit that NOW worketh in the children of disobedience" (Ephesians 2:2).  Yes, take a look around, Satan and his emissaries are not idle. That evil is not in the least inactive, especially when it comes to making those subtle attempts, marking out those inroads directed toward disrupting a life devoted to God's pathway of peace. Then, take a look within, the evil one wants access to the most precious possession you have: a heart full of salvation's peace and all the graces of our loving Lord.  Then, the Word of God comes to the rescue: "Lest Satan should get an advantage of us: for we are not ignorant of his devices" (II Corinthians 2:11).  Here's the blessing: in Christ, we have the power-advantage.  This world's evil, the tribulation erupting therefrom, and its influence tied to those operating under the black cloud of their prince-god (Ephesians 2:2), cannot rob you of God's presence and His peace. "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer: I have overcome the world" (John 16:33).  Salvation is more than being saved; the Bible word means deliverance, now, then, and forever.  The Lord has "delivered us from the power of darkness and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son" (Colossians 1:13).  Yes, He still is in the business of deliverance, for He is the "KING OF KINGS" of all kingdoms (Rev.19:16), and we belong to His kingdom, and His "kingdom is not of this world" (John 18:36), but "ruleth over all" (II Chronicles 20:6).  Our KING brings us His peace and power because He is ALMIGHTY, stronger & wiser  than the "prince" of this world (Ephesians 2:2).  A prince has no challenging authority when it comes to the dominating power of our King who delivers His power to us over evil.  Deliverance, yes, in saving us, keeping us, and all the while delivering us from evil (Matthew 6:13).  "KEEP THE PEACE" for "He hath delivered my soul in peace from the battle that as against me (Psalm 55:18).  How goes the battle now?
