---
layout:     post
title:      Never the Less
date:       2017-4-18 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a powerful truth to place in our heart and then deposit in the BANK OF FAITH: The Lord has a listening ear toward a heart filled with sincere prayer. Might we add, "even when that voice of weakness in us all whispers to the contrary - in doubt!"  It is in that moment of "faith ready to faint" that the Lord brings a very important Inspired Word to our attention: Nevertheless -  with the interesting meaning of "in spite of!"   That word is so powerful that it chases away the daunting dark cloud of unbelief.  Here's the Word firmly fitted with power for your prayer walk with HIM.   "For I said in my haste, I am cut off from before thine eyes: nevertheless thou heardest the voice of my supplications when I cried unto thee" (Psalm 32:23).  So, don't be "in haste," slow down, think it through with a spiritual mind.  Then, take heart dear Christian, because there is the hearty answer of YES from God answering our prayers (In John 15:7 Jesus tells us: "If ye abide in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you").  The answer is Yes "in spite of" how we may feel concerning our prayers "getting through to God."  The answer is YES "in spite of" faltering faith.  The answer is YES "in spite of" our circumstances, set backs, good fortune and not so good, failures and successes, good days and bad days.  YES, make it a YES in spite of it all, because "nevertheless the Lord HEARS the voice of our supplications."   There's more to our prayer life than meets the eye; MAKE IT His eye. "The eyes of the LORD are upon the righteous, and his ears are open unto their cry" (Psalm 18:24).  Think of His "YES" in this, His blessed heart-giving way, He answers with YES, and the answer comes with never the less, only with ever the more.  Keep praying obedient child of God , and He will keep listening and answering WITH NEVER THE LESS, ALWAYS THE MORE.
