---
layout:     post
title:      Rest on Your Return
date:       2017-8-29 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Oh, the deepest needs found down in the hearts of the Lord's beloved children; they are so very real.  Here's the blessing: God knows all about them, and He not only addresses them with His Word, but demonstrates His power in Spirit by taking care of each and every one of them.  Anxious today? Worried about tomorrow, today?  Worried about today, today?  Pulled in a lot of directions today?  Found a lot on your plate today?  Challenged when your soul is so tired and then your testimony is weakened today?  Then you asked yourself, "can I get back getting 'on top of it all today?'"   So, do you need some rest in Him today?  Yes, honest questions coming from the struggling soul have Bible answers to sustain the soul.  If you are of the "needy number" of God's people that need Him TODAY and what He has to offer TODAY, consider Psalm 116:7: "Return unto thy rest, Oh my soul: for the LORD hath dealt bountifully with thee."  As the pressures of life mount up, the Lord has His PRESSURE RELEASE mounting up higher, found in His bountiful promise: "Return unto thy rest!"  That rest is Jesus , and that rest is designed and declared to you and for you: "There remaineth therefore a rest to the people of God" (Hebrews 4:8), and that rest is none other than the moment by moment repose spoken by the Lord as "my rest" (Hebrews 4:5).  The Lord tells us "RETURN" there, to "thy rest" with the assurance that "gracious is the LORD" (Psalm 116:5) to take care of your today.  His grace directed rest is time-fitted for "your today" and everyday.  The Psalmist found life anew there:  when he received the Lord's rest, he got back to his spiritual self again: "'I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living" (v. 9).  The reason: he returned to HIS REST.  When he did, he said that the LORD "delivered my soul from death, mine eyes from tears, and my feet from falling."   Oh, having a day living with your dying soul, looking at life through your tearful eyes, and then stumbling with your spiritual feet that get weak in falling: NOT A GOOD DAY.  There you have it, the humanity in its realist form, found in us all.  So, when life is a 'bit too challenging, remember that you don't go it alone: Jesus said, "I will never leave thee nor forsake thee' (Hebrews 13:5).  Here's one word for your today: RETURN.  When you do, you receive rest on your return.  Result, you can then "walk before the Lord in the land of the living!"
