---
layout:     post
title:      Location, Location, Location
date:       2017-4-25 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Looking for a blessing? Praying to the Lord to send one by, WITH A PLEASE LORD, I need it now, today?  Wishing for that extra special something from God that is a day-changer, because you need Him to change things - TODAY?  Those blessings from God do come to His children, and here's the real blessing concerning the blessings: you don't have to "hunt" for them.  Really, I don't have to?  Oh, so true, and the Word that tells us that; the Lord tells us his blessings conversely hunt us down.  Here's the Word: "the LORD commanded the blessing, even life for evermore" (Psalm 133:3).  Not only does the blessing come to us, it comes with His sustaining, divine power linking up to your very internal make-up, namely "life evermore."  Here's the divine pathway for that "traveled-down-to-you" daily occurrence.   That blessing, as found in the context of the Psalm comes powerfully and directionally, with the believer being tracked down with His  blessed authority as he is found in a very particular location: "for THERE the Lord commanded the blessing!"  That life evermore blessedness is commanded to "brethren dwelling together in unity" - that's the there place of being blessed (Psalm 133:1).  Yes, the right place to live is found in that reputed location, location, location.  The dwelling place of unity is the "there place" where God commands the blessing, categorized by the Lord as "good and pleasant" (v. 1).  That sure beats the world's attitude of "whatever," whatever I feel like, that's how I will treat my brother.  Oh let's dwell in the "whenever," whenever we dwell in the Spirit of the Living God, and relate to others with His spiritual fruit (Galatians 5:22-23), the blessing will come as He commands it.  Here's a prayer to place us in the blessing location: "Teach me thy way, O LORD ... UNITE my heart to fear thy name" (Psalm 86:11). Spiritual people do spiritual things, pray spiritual words, are filled with a spiritual purpose, have a spiritual mission, are united with His SPIRITUAL person, and  then are united in a "pleasant and good" fellowship with his brother, being found in a spiritual place for His authority to command the blessing.
