---
layout:     post
title:      The Gladness Spoken
date:       2017-9-12 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Question: "Just what is it that takes the heart of man, forms it & fashions it into a newly created heart of gladness?"  Second question, "Is there that 'special something' that fills the heart of common man (that God has created) for it to become 'in sync' with the joyful harmony of all of His other marvelous creative work.  Isaiah reminds us that "ye shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace: the mountains and the hills shall break forth before you into singing, and all the trees of the field shall clap their hands" (55:12).  Here's the answer to the first question: Isaiah tells us that Word can make the difference: "So shall my Word be that goeth forth out of my mouth, it shall not return unto me void" (v. 11).  With that said, in consideration of the second question, since God has spoken the singing mountains and hills into His creation, He can also SPEAK WITH HIS WORD His singing into the new creation of your heart. "Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature; old things are passed away; behold, all things are become new" (II Corinthians 5:17).   Here's the end result that results in no ending, since God's Word does not return unto Him void (v. 11), His Word leaves no void in your heart.  His Word "will accomplish that which I please, and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it" (v. 11).  So, in the heart empty, the Lord speaks to fill that void with His accomplished pleasure of  gladness and joy.  Yes, the same singing that the mountains and the hills possess in their breaking forth into His created world, is the same creative joyful work that God desires to speak into your "new every day" created spiritual heart.  Now, here's the personal assignment for us all, be of the number of those that grab the new sheet music that God has spoken for you, and allow His Spirit to sing that new song in your heart:  Then, take that song and go with it by singing with it.  Dismiss those personal destructive attitudes (that others have to deal with as well), throw out the old, bring in the new, and allow God's Word to fill the void in your heart, all by allowing Him to speak His decree of gladness!  "He hath put a new song in my mouth, even praise unto our God" (Psalm 40:3).  THEN: "Serve the LORD with gladness: come before his presence with singing" (Psalm 100:2).
