---
layout:     post
title:      Honey on the Fork
date:       2017-8-1 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Choices, we all make them, and we need to make the right ones everyday as spirit-filled believers.  God has called us to be lights in this dark world (Philippians 2:15), and to be the salt of the earth (Matthew 5:13).  So, to be what God has commissioned us to become, we as disciples of our Lord must choose the way of His spiritual life, alive in "the now" in us.   So when we  come to those forks in the road every day, we need to allow God to "make the call" concerning  the right pathway to walk.  Just as sure as good and evil exist along side of our humanity, we have to be sure we are walking along side of our LORD, making the right choices in life.  Here's something spiritual to whet our appetite concerning those choices: allow God to spread some of His butter and honey on that fork in the road.  "Butter and honey shall he eat, that he may know to refuse the evil, and choose the good" (Isaiah 7:15).  Sin has a bitter taste in the end, but "oh, taste and see that the LORD is good, blessed is the man that trusteth in him" (Psalm 34:8).  Here's the real spiritual ASSIST:  The Scriptural context reveals the ONE Who is eating that honey and butter of the Word (Psalm 19:10);  His name is  IMMANUEL (v. 14), namely "God with us!"  When IMMANUEL dwells with us and  within us, He shares His butter and honey taste with us, that we all "may know how to refuse the evil, and choose the good" (v. 15).  That sure beats the relentless, powerless struggle of one trying to live above sin on his own, making a wreck at times of his Christian life, and  at times spreading his ill faded drama of life-affect on others.  Without IMMANUEL'S  spiritual life within, there is no spiritual fruit of love, joy .... (Galatians 5:22) to be shared with our brothers and sisters in Christ.   When the Lord spreads His honey and butter on the fork, that totally changes the taste for life within us.   RESULT: That life in Him becomes blessed (happy) in us  as the one "that trusteth in him."  New taste buds can only come from Immanuel, and then when the butter and honey is spread, "the FORK" is taken care of  in that now established victorious walk  - in this sin-tainted world.  Oh, spread the butter and honey to others - LIBERALLY.
