---
layout:     post
title:      Arise and Shine
date:       2017-8-8 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 Greetings, oh how wonderful as they are expressed by those who care for us.   We welcome those most friendly words indeed, being addressed to us daily: "How's it going?" "Doing okay?" "Having a good day?"  As man to our fellow man, we can relate in earnest, knowing that others do indeed have struggles, trials, health issues, financial needs, and difficulties of all brands that are real in life.  Then, knowing each other in that respect, we desire that the "how" in their going to be "okay" with them in they journey along.  This is where the Lord steps in with daily-life-Word power found in the spiritual dimension of LIFE, HIS.  His Word power makes the real difference as we face our challenges, living out that sometimes daily grind in the "oh so real world."   There is a Biblical life-lifter that can assist us in giving a blessed response as we all are dealing with those circumstantial particulars, trying to make their inroads into our lives.  Instead of those daily incidentals rushing in, desiring to take control of the hearts of those struggling, the spiritual believer has word-power to to "live above it all" literally.   Isaiah assures us so: "Arise, shine; for thy light is come, and the glory of the LORD is risen upon thee" (60:1).  Ready for that bright new day, that just may have something darkening and old trying to sneak in on that horizon.  Well, whatever are those darkening circumstantial events that may make their attempt in coming at you, allow the Word to come to you FIRST.  The Lord says "arise & shine" - we can at  the beginning of each new day.  Remember,  His light burns off the old, shows us the new, namely the way above it all and then His glory in LIFE upon us places us there - above it all.  Then after the passing of each new day, the Lord tells us that "the path of the just is a the shining light, that shineth more and more unto the perfect day" (Proverbs 4:18).  Once again, the greeting" "having a good day?"  Response: in reality, no man in his own power can HAVE A GOOD DAY.  Remember the power of the Word and the Author of the Word:  the LIVING WORD gives us the day we really need, and that day given by HIM is associated with something better than a good day.  Allow Him to give you a perfect day as we all rise to  His day in HIS SPIRIT'S POWER given to us, walking in His light, living the day for His glory.  When we do, He will take care of those incidentals:  "The Lord will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8).   Greetings: "May the Lord give you a perfect day!"
