---
layout:     post
title:      A Child's Kingdom Heart
date:       2017-11-14 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Life a 'bit too complicated?   Was that last stress test given to you from the daily grind just too immense, too overwhelming?  Then, the thought comes through -  clear and certain: "Something has to give!"  How about giving in to the simplicity of a child's heart?  Here's a verse to read, to meditate on, and then tell yourself, "that's for me - a life changer indeed!"  Jesus tells us to keep it simple as we live out our life in Him.  We need to "humble ourselves as a little child" (Matthew 18:2-4), living the spiritual-heart-life with His kingdom power, enjoying His kingdom rule of love (His spiritual kingdom within - Luke 17:20-21).   The Lord repeatedly called His own "the children of God" defining that intimate relationship with the Father.  Please, for a moment, consider that relationship: first of all,  it needs a RECEPTION: "Verily, I say unto you, whosoever shall not receive the kingdom of God as a little child shall in no wise enter therein" (Luke 18:17).  Also, considering His clear and simple statement, that our relationship with Him can be so REAL:  "I WILL BE a father to you, and you shall be sons and daughters to me saith the Lord Almighty" (2 Corinthians 6:18).  Then, what a heart warming RELATIVE relationship we have with the Father as a child, one in which we can enjoy:  "All your sons will be taught of the LORD: and the well-being of your sons will be great" (Isaiah 54:13).  Now, here comes the Bible lessons concerning the simplicity of that life as a child  being taught in His kingdom.   Life's frustrations lose their power when the Father of His children is none other than "the Lord Almighty" (2 Corinthians 6:18).  The Lord Almighty is sovereign over every daily challenge in life, no matter what the size; He is ruler over all - big and small.   Remember that daily grind?  Well, it comes to a screeching halt as we realize that  we walk hand in His hand as a son with the Father, who not only cares for the load, but carries it as well.  Oh, then those "life overwhelmers," they don't seem as tough any more when Isaiah just told us that "the well being His sons shall be great" (v. 13).  Child-like lessons given to the child-like in heart living life in His child-like kingdom, with heart simplicity are for those willing "to be taught of the LORD - as sons" (Isaiah 54:14).  Take that stress test again, but this time pass it with a "CHILD'S KINGDOM HEART!"  See that child over there, that kid is  "HAPPY IN JESUS TODAY."
