---
layout:     post
title:      The Answer is Found in the Hedge!
date:       2017-6-13 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

It's here, it's active, & it spreads its venomous work, infesting everything found to be within its power.  Evil from the Evil One - its presence is evident in the world in which we live (Ephesians 2:2). The Christian living for his Lord can sense it, be repulsed by it, and all the while having the Lord's prayer on his heart: asking the Father to "deliver us from evil" (Matthew 6:9).  The Lord does just that, for "Greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world" (I John 4:4).  In fact, the evil of the Evil One has restrictions regarding boundaries and limitations, all under the divine rule & authority of Almighty God, to protect the godly.  The Lord garrisons His children with His defensive edge about them, as He did the prophet Job: "Hast not thou made an hedge about him, and about his house, and about all that he hath on every side?" (Job 1:10).  Here's a question: "Are we at loss living in this evil world?"  The answer is found in the hedge placed around Job: "thou hast blessed the work of his hands, and his substance is increased in the land" (Job 1:10).  Want the blessing of God upon you, even when evil is so prevalent?  Just keep yourself within the hedge of God's presence, being open to the Word, His will, and His way.  Yes, blessings do come to us, even in a sin tainted world.  The real blessing is this: "The Lord shall deliver me from every evil work, and will preserve me unto his heavenly kingdom: to whom be glory for ever and ever" (II Timothy 4:18).  Oh, live under His kingdom rule now, and allow the Lord to place the "hedge about you, about your house, and about all that you have on every side."  When it comes to the evil time (II Timothy 3:1-11), remember it's HEDGE TIME.
