---
layout:     post
title:      What Do You Really Want?
date:       2017-8-15 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Seeking? Looking for those life giving essentials, those earnestly sought after "can't do without" soul-sustainers?  When it comes right down to it all, we all want happiness as we journey on through life.  By experience, many have realized that life's "full cup" is not found in "MORE!"  More possessions, more prominence, more power, more pleasure, and more position -  all of these give a failing grade in the happiness report card of life.  Question, "what do you really want, REALLY?"   One word, a Bible word can tell us what we really desire - deep down in our soul.  Here's the moment of truth in which to reckon: that which we so feverish seek after is found as a spiritual by-product of an initial search.  Please allow Scripture to give its illuminating revelation by the Holy Spirit, to the experience of "the joy in life."  "Thy words were found, and I did eat them, and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart, for I am called by thy name, O Lord God of hosts (Jeremiah 15:16). The proverbial rabbit trail of happiness is always posted with the bold sign: dead end.  You see, God knows best, and His Word reveals the best, the best and only way for viable, sustaining, & lasting joy in life.  So, "thy words were found" is the answer to life; then, as we live there in the by-product of that initial Word-search  we find that the "word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart."   Jeremiah grabbed hold of this truth; he knew that the Lord could make joy happen in his life with HIS WORD FIRST SEARCH, and he gave us a very important spiritual directive for the Lord to give us that rejoicing heart.  Only the Lord can do just that: "Art not thou he, O LORD our God? therefore we will wait upon thee: for those hast made all things" (14:22).  Yes He can "make all things" by the power of His Word - A REJOICING HEART INCLUDED -when you are found in the Word.  Remember, as a born-again believer, there is joy power for you when there is Word power in you "for I am called by thy name, O Lord God of hosts."
