---
layout:     post
title:      Live It as We View It
date:       2017-7-18 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Finding our way in life to experience the optimum of life certainly is a challenge for us all, each and everyday.  Here's a day changer because it's a life-changer. The way to be taken in life can be assisted by the way we view life.  Yes, we become who we are by how we view the gift of life given to us by our Creator God.  How we view life becomes of us (and becomes us), as we live out that life of our personal imagery .  "As a man thinketh in his heart, so is he" (Proverbs 23:7).  As we look at life with those internal eyes, the external landscape takes it's vivid shape in our self-prescribed pictorials drawn out of our inner soul.  The internal is drawn, then appears the external, but let's  not forget to add the eternal, making it FIRST in our life's journey on how we view things, traveling onward.  Yes, in spite of the world's negative view, GRACE HAPPENS and that "divine favor has appeared to all men"  (Titus 2:11).  How we picture life in the spiritual,  graced in the realm of the eternal changes the look around us because of His grace appearing in us.  When grace comes to us, His look within us brings our favorable-graced look within (at ourselves) as well.   Then our lives  can invite a real change, our Lord's.   Yes, it's all.about the way we view it all, because God has graced us all .   How about His way,  looking His way, and looking into His grace-way, for it now to become our way.  Life can be experienced joyfully with  the "upward way!"   Living life THAT WAY is the way of wisdom.  Scripture tells us so:  "the way of life is above to the wise" (Proverbs 15:24).  Yes, life is not fair at times, and  has that downward pull affect as well;  however, when we walk  in that "way above" with "the Way, the Truth, and the Life" (John 14:6), there is the divine power pull that brings us to Himself,  lifting us to a higher walk with the One who walks there.  Life then is more than fair, it becomes full, HIS LIFE-FULL filling us with life's directives, delights, and destinies (favorable outcomes).   Oh, the experience of living life to the OPTIMUM, namely "the most conducive, and best way leading to a favorable outcome."  THAT'S THE FAVORABLE GRACE WAY, THE WISE WAY, UPWARD WAY for us all.  What better way to VIEW IT AND THEN LIVE IT.
