---
layout:     post
title:      What Does He Think of Me?
date:       2017-5-16 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Wondering about what & how the Lord thinks toward you?  The spiritual mind is so inquisitive, and surely would like to know those divine thoughts concerning him.  When looking to the Word, we discover that the Lord has some uplifting words on which to set our sights and minds toward, namely for those walking with Him.  God does think on His children (Psalm 40:5), on those waiting on Him (v. 1), having a Spirit-filled song in their heart for Him (v. 3), having a heart filled with praise unto Him (v. 3), being a testimony for Him, not living the lie concerning Him (v. 4) - all coming down to God thinking on Him as being "blessed is that man" - "being happy in the Lord" (v. 4).  Here's the Word for the spiritual mind to ponder, to think God's thoughts after Him:  "Many, O LORD my God, are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and THY THOUGHTS which are to us-ward: they cannot be reckoned up in order unto thee" (v. 5).  The Psalmist David considered his life as a wonderful work (v. 5) of God and he was so overwhelmed with how the Lord was interacting in his life, and how the Lord then thought on him, that he had to do some reflective thinking himself: "if I would declare and speak of them, they are more than can be numbered" (v. 5).  Overwhelmed, yes, and so can we.  We too can be spiritually excited to the extent that every spiritual believer can have the Lord say of them: "blessed is that man" (v. 4).  Here's the incentive, when your thoughts are with the Lord in His thoughts, coupled with your life becoming a "wonderful work of God," as seen in the context, we must all say with a concerted heart: "I delight to do thy will, O my God, yea, thy law is within my heart" (v 8).
