---
layout: post
title: He Hath Done All Things Well
date: 2018-9-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Any attempts made lately at doing a something to its perfection. Have you found yourself striving to do the perfect job, conducting the perfect assignment, attempting to maintain the perfect relationship, setting your sights on living the perfect life? Then when all the attempts are made, the score card leaves us a bit bewildered and then wanting better results at the next try. Then, how about our personal walk with the Lord; in all honesty, we all are still growing, still maturing, and still striving to be more like our Savior. We may all feel that perfection on this side of glory is unattainable, but it all depends on who is at work, and who is doing the perfecting! Here's our encouragement from our Lord: "The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8). When the Lord is at work in our lives, we can enjoy the perfect effect of His work. The narrative in Mark's account of our Lord's work declares "He hath done all things well" (Mark 7:37). Oh, enjoy "the all things well" working of God, as we allow Jesus to do the same in our lives. As we desire Him to have free control, yielding to Him with our submissive spirit, His work in us will be met with the same reaction as those who witnessed Christ's work before their very eyes: They "were beyond measure astonished" (v. 37). With the Psalmist's pen recording the perfection of God at work in lives, we also can be relieved of our feelings of imperfections concerning who we are and what we do. With our submission to the Lord's Spirit and His will, we can be astonished with His perfect work within us. Yes, astonished because He "will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8). Then, astonished from the very fact that the Lord showers us with mercy (when we fail, He gets us back on track) in that work, because "thy mercy, O LORD endureth for ever" (v. 8). Also, astonished from the very fact that the Lord will not "forsake the works of thine own hands" (v. 8). A Biblical principle to remember: you are the work of His hands and you are not alone, "It is God which worketh in you both to will and to do his good pleasure" (Philppians 2:13). So, a verse to claim for yourself, and to carry with you today: "He doeth all things well." Enjoy your walk with the Lord, and rejoice in His good pleasure work within you.
