---
layout:     post
title:      Dictum Factum
date:       2018-7-10 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Agreements, transactions, contracts, promises made, labor and wage earnings, buying and selling, transfer of ownerships are everyday experiences that involve us all. Yes, all of us have sometimes "endured" those "at times" inconvenient experiences known to us all - that come knocking on our door. When the promise for "whatever" is made, we have heard the words: "I'll make it good!" Those are the words spoken to inspire man's trust, & then, to "seal the deal" comes the accompanied handshake! At times, with the best of intentions, the "real deal" just isn't going to happen! Man's transactions have a design flaw entitled "the built-in human factor!" However, when it comes to God's dealing with His own, a spiritual step forward can be taken with ultimate confidence. By faith in God's word, trust is instilled by the transaction that only God can make: blessing His own. His promises are made with a loving, credible heart that prompted a nail-scarred hand. That hand marked with love, when extended to your hand, grasps your's with more powerful assurance than any handshake deal that man can make. "God is not a man, that he should lie; neither the son of man, that he should repent: hath he said, and shall he not do it? or hath he spoken, and shall he not make it good" (Numbers. 24:19). When it comes to the blessing founded on His word, "shall he not make it good" (v. 19). You see, when the Lord's commandment is to bless and to give us of His best - freely, He cannot go back on His Word, "he hath blessed; and I (man) cannot reverse it" (v. 20). The old Latin phrase says it well, "DICTUM FACTUM" - whatever is said is done. It's a done deal when the credibility rests with the ONE TRUE GOD. Oh, go on in a trustworthy faith, resting on the Word of God. Rest in the assurance that we are blessed with His infallible, inerrant Word. Go there, grow there, live there, love Him and others there with a DICTUM FACTUM living relationship - moment by moment with our trustworthy LORD. Dictum factum: "told not I thee saying: all that the LORD speaketh He must do" (v. 26).
