---
layout:     post
title:      The Master Principle
date:       2018-6-26 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

We all have heard those all familiar words: "You can't have the one without the other!" A believer's walk with his Lord, living out His life within, of His peace, His joy, and His ultimate, delightful fulfillment is the experience of those saved from sin, and not serving sin and self anymore. So let us consider closely the MASTER PRINCIPLE. Please recall the children of Israel with God's deliverance out of Egypt and into the land of Canaan promised to them. God's people could not have had the arrival in the land of promise without the exit from the land of bondage. A believer's freedom in the promise land of the victorious, blessed, and joyous Christian life comes after the departure from the old taskmaster of the self-servitude of sin and its bondage. We have a new master now, His name is the LORD. So true, "you can't have one without the other" seen also regarding God's people making their exodus from bondage, with Israel's enemy in hot pursuit. God spoke one thing to them, then the other. First, it was: "stand still," followed by the admonishment to "go forward!" (Ex. 14-15). Confusing! Not at all, no aberrant command whatsoever. You see, the believer needs a "standing still in God's presence first" before he engages in that daily, continual, onward exodus from sin (at times in hot pursuit). "You cannot have one without the other." Yes, we need to be going forward, but first we need to "be still, and know that I am God" (Psalm 46:10). Then, with His presence manifested, we need to be walking in step with Him toward that promised land in salvation's promising walk. We cannot accomplish the latter (that yielded-to-Him close walk with our new Master) without the spiritual experience of being decisive against the former walk with the old taskmaster of sin and self will. The purpose fulfilled in standing still was to "see the salvation of the LORD ... shewed to you today!" It's all about the "Master Principle" TODAY - we serve someone in whom we "stand still" as priority-one. The old taskmaster of self-servitude brings bondage, the Lord, our new Master brings freedom. Oh, stand still there, and go forward with Him from there: that freedom place in Him - of joy, peace, and His blessed presence. "No man can serve two masters; for either he will hate the one, and love the other; or else he will hold to the one, and despise the other" (Matthew 6:24). "You can't have MASTER-ONE (Jesus) without disowning the other as master - A VERY DISTANT MASTER-TWO.
