---
layout: post
title: His Light and His Word
date: 2018-10-17 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

One of the most important teachings of our Lord is the lighted candle set on a candlestick (Luke 8:16), shining ever so brightly.  From this parable full of light comes the Lord's admonition concerning His Word: "take heed therefore how ye hear" (v. 18).  Light from the Word received brings more of the same:  "For whosoever hath, to him shall be given; and whosoever hath not, from him shall be taken even that which he seemeth to have" (v. 18).  When the light of the Word shines, the believer has a spiritual decision to make: the admonition is to bring God's shining light in his life. "The entrance of thy words giveth light" (Psalm 119:130).  His illuminating power source is so essential in this dark world in which we all live. The light of God's Word can make a difference in our walk with the Lord.  "Thy Word is a lamp unto my feet and a light unto my path" (Psalm 119:105).  We all need a lighted candle from His divine light source of our professing faith.  The Word and the Light is personified and combined as one in Him.  Jesus, who is the Living Word (John 1:1) is also the Light of the world (John 8:12).  The need of man is to come to THE WORD "that they which enter may see the light" (v. 16).  Yes, the believer is "born again ...  by the word of God" (I Peter 1:23), possessing the Light at conversion; but, that's just the beginning.  His light shining in at the time of his salvation, and then continually shining in that life and coming forth from the Word of Life is the message given.   A life lived for Him in the Word, with light emitted from Him will bring more of His generating light on the way!  Here's how: as we "take heed how ye hear" by walking in the light of the Word, the blessing is our's:  "to him shall be given!"  "No man" who has "lighted his candle, covereth it" (v. 16).  Oh, His light is so important:  "in thy light shall we see light" (Psalm 36:9).  With God's Word and the power of His illuminating Holy Spirit, we possess the lighted candle needed to light up our world and the world of those within shining distance of our light.  Oh, walk in the light with Him, in fellowship with Him (I John 1:7).  "Then shall the light break forth as the morning, and ... the glory of the LORD shall be thy rereward" (Isaiah 58:8).

