---
layout: post
title: The Why in What We Do
date: 2018-12-11 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 Do these words sound familiar, "why do you do what you do?"  An interesting question indeed! To the sincere Christian, his quest for God's will fulfilled in his life is priority plus. The blessing: knowing God's will is man's greatest insight, & doing God's will is life's ultimate fulfillment!  The man living only in the natural realm, seeking prominence, prestige, possession, pleasure & power misses God's best for his life, as he sidesteps God's real purpose for him.  According to the wisdom of Solomon, "all was vanity and vexation of spirit" (Ecclesiastes 2:11) in a life lived for self.  Then he gives us this admonition: "Let us hear the conclusion of the whole mater: fear God and keep his commandments, for this is the whole duty of man" (12:13).  God has always used the Word & His Holy Spirit still comes with Word power as He moves upon heart of the God-fearing man.  "Let the word of Christ dwell in you richly in all wisdom" (Colossians 3:16).  God's Word has power to change the heart of man, and to redirect his life to be lived for His glory, His cause, and His purpose.  Those fearing the Lord in Jeremiah's day desired God's Word to do exactly that: "that the LORD thy God, may shew us the way wherein we may walk and the thing that we may do" (42:3).  God's Word for the believers of Isaiah's day zeroed in on God's will for them: "Thine ears shall hear a word behind thee saying, this is the way, walk ye in it" (30:21).  We have God's Spirit speaking His Word "within thee saying" the same, regarding a Word directed life! "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me" (John 10:27).  As He speaks to the ones living for His glory, God's Word places those in the know of the why of what they do!