---
layout:     post
title:      Behold the Man - Of Truth
date:       2018-6-12 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Truth is so very important in the lives of God's people. God's truth, namely His written Word that speaks of salvation, leads us to the Living Word that gives us salvation. "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever" (I Peter 1:23). Truth then leads us to growth in the very person of Christ, being transformed to His image within. "Speaking the truth in love, may grow up into HIM in all things, which is the head, even Christ" (Ephesians 4:15). Truth is so important to the Christian, because truth is of utmost importance to Christ: He is the TRUTH (John 14:6). Truth was, is, and always will be the spiritual foundation of our faith and the cause of Christ for whom we live. Consider the words of Christ Himself regarding truth: "For this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth" (John 18:37). That was the answer Jesus gave Pilate regarding His mission of truth. The Lord then makes it personal: "Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice" (v. 37). It wasn't Jesus that needed to give answer to Pilate that day, but Pilate needed to give answer to Jesus, The reason: the TRUTH HIMSELF was present at man's judgment hall (v. 28), appearing before him, before his very eyes. Pilate's response, "What is truth?" Isn't that typical of man's refutation of the truth today, even though the Light of the World (John 8:12 - Jesus Himself, His truth) is at work attempting to shine in darkened hearts. Just as Pilate failed to rise to the judgment bar of God's truth that day, so does man devoid of the Spirit of truth. The reason: if Jesus means little to man, His words of truth mean little. "What is truth" (v. 38) was the question from the one in a face to face, personal meeting with the TRUTH. Here's where it gets interesting, "Jesus came forth and Pilate saith unto them, behold the man" (19:5). The truth is that Jesus is the "God-man, Who is "the truth" (John 14:6). Let us "behold the MAN" of truth. When we do, those who are "of the truth heareth my voice!" Scripture records the reply of the real truth seeker: "Of a truth thou art the Son of God" (Matt. 14:33). May your reply be the same; then comes the blessing: when we "behold the Man" - of Truth, He becomes your "Way and Life" (John 14:6) for your joy in life. There is "no greater joy than to hear that my children walk in truth (3 John 1:4). Behold the Man of truth, "for the truth's sake, which dwelleth in us, and shall be with us forever" (2 John 1:2).
