---
layout:     post
title:      His Pathway Perfect
date:       2018-3-13 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Lord's spirit-filled people have something in common, very much in common: they desire to be in the center of God's will.  Here's a prayer set to an Old Testament Psalm (song) that speaks of the Psalmist heart's desire:  "Lead me, O LORD, in thy righteousness ... make thy way straight before my face (Psalm 5:8).  When our eyes are upon Him, looking to the Lord for His leading, that is the beginning of our search for God's will concerning our lives. When we long for "thy righteousness" we will be face to face with His "way straight" before us (5:8). That long search for His will comes to an abrupt halt, and the grand plan for what He desires for us now is unfolding and  what is meant for our lives is now made plain.  The Lord is now able to speak to the heart of the Spirit-filled man open to His leading.  When the Holy Spirit is at work, He is active in His sanctifying work, pulling us away from our own (at times, stubborn) will, then wooing us onto His DESIGNED will, all consistent with Who He is (holy), and how He leads us (by His Spirit). Then, there is an ever present awareness that He is now our possession, being our Lord (I am His and He is mine). He is OUR Holy Spirit, because we are at one in the Spirit of our precious Lord (John 17).  We then cherish His interest in us because of His love for us.  It's all a matter of living the Spirit-filled life, and enjoying His Spirit at work in us: His leading us, guiding us, going before us, instructing us, and His being active in every aspect of His divine will for us.  He is right there in leading each and every one that desires to be "right with Him," desiring His special plan and purpose for their lives.  It's all about His best way, His righteous way for the Spirit-filled believer : "Righteousness shall go before him; and shall set us in the way of his steps" (Psalm 39:1).  Our life is now His, "we are not our own, we are bought with a price" (I Corinthians 6:19), with His Spirit leading us forward in His PATHWAY PERFECT.  The blessing is our's because of His personal touch of His nail-scarred hands leading us in His love.  Yes, the blessing is our's because the the personal touch from His nail scarred hands is our's.  He leads us on with His guidance of love, directing each believer desiring His HANDS ON walk with His Lord.  "The LORD, He it is that doth go before thee; he will be with thee, he will not fail thee, neither forsake thee: fear not, neither be dismayed" (Deuteronomy 31:8). Oh, make that word "thee" of verse 8 to be the word "me."  Our spiritual lives take shape, "His likeness" when we personalize His Word within our hearts.  When you do, you have real life to be lived in your present and future. "Thus saith the LORD; behold (meaning 'look at this' - how special) I have set before you the way of life" (Jeremiah 21:8).  His "way of life" is fullness of life that is found in Him: "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more  abundantly" (John 10:10).  Real life is found in His way for you, His will planned for you &  His purpose in life fulfilled in you.  Oh, "GO in peace before the LORD," for He "is your way wherein ye go" (Judges 18:6). Oh, make Him your WAY OF LIFE. 