---
layout: post
title: Known of Him
date: 2018-10-8 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

We have heard the old familiar statement: "it is not necessarily what you know, but who you know and who knows you."  John's gospel account gives us some interesting insight into the ONE WHO KNOWS YOU.  When Jesus met up with Nathanael, He "saith of him, Behold an Israelite indeed, in whom is no guile" (John 1:47).  His reply, "Whence knowest thou me?"  The Lord in His omniscient knowing power, gave answer: "When thou wast under the fig tree, I saw thee" (v. 48).  Nathanael's curiosity and subsequent belief was stirred!  Those words  spoken by our Lord, and being heard, meant something interesting to the promising disciple: the Lord "sees us & knows who we are!"  Here's the blessing coming to disciples everywhere: when God sees us and shows us who we are, we in response can give only one answer as to Who He is: "Thou art the Son of God" (v. 49).  With that relationship established, (the believer & his Lord), he can then rejoice in what is next in God's plan for his life: "thou shalt see greater things than these" (v. 50).  Ready to see those greater things?  Those divinely appointed "greater" things can be experienced as the disciple in us meets up with the Master.  As Nathanael was known candidly with his life's open book, found as one with "no guile" before His Lord (v. 47), Jesus also knows us.  Jesus sees us for who we are and what we can be in Him and for Him ("behold a Christian indeed, in whom is no guile").  When our discipleship role is authenticated in Him,  He will be revealing all the promises, purposes, and provisions He has planned therein!  The disciple who follows his Lord is then living out a purpose greater than himself, all because of a divine calling.   "Knowest thou me" is the divine question concerning us all; yes, the Lord knows all about us.  Now, with His power of knowing you, tap into His Holy Spirit power, being His disciple "KNOWN OF HIM" and get ready for some "greater things" today.
