---
layout: post
title: What's Behind the Door?
date: 2018-9-3 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

"Going somewhere?" could be the words in question addressed to the hastening one, making that mad dash out the door of life. The reply, "Yep! Got alot to accomplish in my life today and everyday! My goal: "to just do it & get it done - I own the day!" How about "going somewhere spiritually?" That is a most serious question to us all, "where am I headed, today, for Him? What is my goal & aim as I break into that new, unspent day that God has graciously given me?" Here's some spiritual food for thought: before you open any of your doors today, entitled: "mine." First of all, allow the Lord to be the One providing the meaningful doors in life and preparing the opening of those doors entitled "His" for you to walk to, open, and pass through. There is no access to opportunity more promising, "for a great door and effectual is opened unto me" (1 Corinthians 16:9). The "great" door (the "highly esteemed door of excellence and opportunity, prepared on God's grand scale") opens to those keyed in on Him. When the Holy Spirit empowers the spiritual man with the key for that "great door," that man definitely will be going somewhere, led by His Lord. Btw, there are no shortcuts to the "effectual" (active and operative) without an effectual "walk in the Spirit" (active and operative - Galatians 5:16). That Spirit-filled walk is "according to the gift of the grace of God given unto me by the effectual working of his power" (Ephesians 3:7). There is no effectual walk-through without His Spirit in control, through any of God's doors hinged on "excellence and opportunity prepared on His grand scale." Wondering what's on the other side of that yet unopened door before you? May the One who says "Open Says Me" grant you the spiritual mind and desire directing your spiritual legs to make that faith-step through His door. When that door starts swinging open, the Lord will then "guide you with His counsel" (Psalm 73:24), and show you "things which God hath prepared for them that love Him" (1 Corinthians 2:9). In order for us all to visualize the effect of the "effectual," there needs to be a life in "the word of God, which effectually worketh also in you that believe" (I Thessalonians 2:13). When there is an effectual walk in the Word in His Spirit, we do not have to ask the question, "what's behind the door?" That which is behind the door can then be seen, admired, and then those God-given opportunities can be accomplished in the minutes, hours of your life today! Minutes, hours, days, weeks and years; those precious time components of which our lives consist. Go through His "door effectual" today and everyday. Then when all is said and done, and it will be all said and done one day, He then will say: "Well done thou good and faithful servant" (Matthew 25:21).
