---
layout:     post
title:      It's All About Our Heart Set
date:       2018-1-23 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Isn't it wonderful to be on the "right side" when it comes to living the life God has given you. Here's some Scripture to challenge us to be on the "winning side." "Moses stood in the gate of the camp and said, Who is on the LORD'S side? Let him come unto me" (Exodus 32:26). Here's a thought assignment: before we can make that spiritual transition in coming to that winning walk of victory (God's side), there needs to be a sensitive heart in making that decision. I'm sure that Moses remembered that hardened heart of Pharaoh, with his sorry self-will in contest with the Lord's will for Israel. In fact, Moses wrote all about it. When the Lord's plan was revealed for the children of Israel to be led out of bondage, the Egyptian king would not "let God's people go." "Pharaoh's heart was hardened, neither did he hearken unto them; as the LORD had said" (Exodus 7:23). His listening problem was related to his heart problem: "neither did he set his heart to this" (v. 23). So, here's the question: is there a spiritual truth that can come alive in helping us to "come to the LORD'S side" (32:26) in our daily walk? The answer is a most definite and pronounced "AMEN." When it came to being on the Lord's side in Moses ministry, those who "set their heart" to His Word were blessed (e.g. Joshua and Caleb). True, there was an Exodus out of bondage, with the spiritual leader named Moses, all headed in prospect for the "land flowing with milk and honey." There needed to be more, a carry through in possession of God's promised land. Unfortunately, the wilderness experience short-circuited that original point A to point B plan because they were a "stubborn and rebellious generation ... that set not their heart aright, and whose spirit was not steadfast with God" (Psalm 78:8). However, for us as the children of God, redeemed, with His saving power, granting our exodus out of the bondage of sin, we do not have to wander in a wilderness of self will contesting God's will. We can now be led by, filled by, controlled by the Holy Spirit of the living God. When we are setting our heart aright, we can then enjoy His land of promise, by walking in the Spirit. God offers to us His spiritual ground on which to walk - with him. That spiritual land comes with the blessing of promise: "The LORD will give grace and glory: no good thing will he withhold from then that walk uprightly" (Psalms 84:11). So here's the spiritual assignment, it's all about "OUR HEART SET." Here's the blessing, Job tells us that God does "set his heart upon man" (7:17, 34:14), So in return "now set your heart and your soul to seek the LORD" (I Chronicles 22:19). When you do, you are on the right side, the winning side.
