---
layout: post
title: Joy to the World!
date: 2018-12-25 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Merry Christmas to all!  Christmas can be just that: Merry (lively, cheerful - joy of heart), even in a world of sin, and in our most imperfect personal world.  Along side of that festive merriment, Christmas time often generates within us the sadness found about us and in the heart of some of us, if not all of us: missing loved ones no longer with us, memories so cherished, and by-gone days desired to somehow be brought back to us, to be relived.  Those memories of personal reflection do speak to us -  at times, so vividly.  Oh. dear child of God, lift your heart-merry with the gladness that the Lord does give to His own, because you are not alone.  The One prophesied as Immanuel (Isaiah 7:14), has come to fulfill the role of "God with us" (Matthew 1:23).  As the Christmas carol reminds us of His joyful presence: Christ came to proclaim exactly that -  joy to the world, the Lord has come, let earth receive her King.  Allow Him to rule your heart with His Kingly presence of peace, joy, and His festive gladness, filling your heart.   The divine light of His presence can shine into your heart with all of those loving heart essentials designed for you to possess the merriment of the Christmas heart of joy.  The wonder of His living presence changes us into a joyful recreation, becoming of us IN Him, because of His coming!  Joy to the world, the Savior reigns.  The Prophesied Immanuel One can reign in your heart with JOY TO YOUR WORLD because  the Lord indeed has come.   Where Jesus reigns, His joy reigns.  This Christmas, remember the kingdom authority of the Christmas KING is present and He comes to rule with His Christmas gladness, filling your heart with the presence of Immanuel.  MERRY CHRISTMAS!