---
layout:     post
title:      The Why in What We Do
date:       2018-6-17 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Do these words sound familiar, "why do you do what you do?" An interesting question indeed! To the sincere Spirit-filled Christian, his quest for God's will fulfilled in his life is priority plus. The blessing of knowing God's will is man's greatest insight & doing God's will is life's ultimate fulfillment!  Prominence, prestige, possession, power, & pleasure leads only to man's unfulfilled quest in life!  To solidify that wake-up call in life, listen to the wisest person who ever lived (excluding the Lord Jesus Christ):  "Vanity of vanities,; all is vanity" (Ecclesiastes 1:2).  The happy (blessed) man is the man living out the plan and purposes of God, designed for His own, including his place in the Body of Christ (His church) - NO VANITY THERE.  Since the Lord created man, He knows exactly how fulfilling life can be IN HIM.  If God's Spirit still uses the Word & He does, to move upon the receptive heart, directing the path of the serious "in the Word" - walking in the Spirit believer, then Christ and His Word-integrated life can dwell  "in you richly in all wisdom" (Col. 3:16). Rich in His wisdom's way in life, all through a "happy in the Word" centered life.  Jesus is the Word (John 1:1), the Living Word, and He is the Life for man, living His fullness in man (John 1:4).  Backtracking to an Old Testament promise of God's Word directed to the believers of Isaiah's day, His Word zeroed in on God's purposeful pathway marked out for them: "Thine ears shall hear a word behind thee saying, this is the way, walk ye in it" (30:21).  Isaiah could not have spoken more clearly.  The New Testament believer does have the privilege of God's Spirit speaking the clarity path for man to "walk ye in it"  via His Word  today.  His Spirit takes the Word and gives us His Spirit audible: "thine ears shall hear a word" within thee (Col. 3:16), saying "walk ye in it." God does speak to the heart that has ears; imagine that, a most purposeful listening heart.  He speaks with a "still small voice" (I Kings 19:12).   It all comes down to "who is doing the talking" and who is doing the listening.  Jesus does speak, if we are willing, diligent listeners:  "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me" (John 10:27)!   The why in what a sheep does, is in direct relationship to his ear attentiveness to the Shepherd.  Sheep have an interesting quality of listening to the Shepherd; they know His voice (John 10:4) and they follow Him (v. 27).  That's "the why in what we do" since we are the sheep and Jesus is our Shepherd. So here is the question, "why do you do what you do?"
