---
layout:     post
title:      So Consider - Prayer
date:       2018-2-14 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Wondering if those prayers of your's are "getting through" to the PRAYER ANSWERER? Wonder no more, and keep praying MORE in the prospect of divine wonder concerning answered prayer. The believer walking with the Lord should have no qualms about earnest "requests being made known unto God" (Philippians 4:6). If the Lord has told us to "ask and ye shall receive," let us settle in on exactly that and expect none other. Yes, take heart in order "to have a heart" that continues to ask of the One that is on the delivery end of our receiving end, namely meeting up with the blessing of God. Scripture assures us that our prayers not only come before the throne of God, but they touch the heart of the One sitting on that throne, together with touching the heart of the Intercessor at His right hand, Jesus Christ our Lord. We have a High Priest (Jesus) that knows all about our needs, and is touched with the feelings of our infirmities." Yes, He is touched ("to have commiserate affections of the one praying") and is even "touched" with our weaknesses in our prayer life (Hebrews 4:15). So consider the Advocate in whose name we pray ("in Jesus name" John 16:23 {on His behalf of, with the care of, and under His authority}). So, consider your entry into the throne room of God ("come boldly" Hebrews 4:16) even though we sometimes have to drag ourselves there in our weakness. So, consider what you automatically receive when your arrive there, even before you make your request there (come ... that we may obtain mercy and find grace to help in time of need" Hebrews 4:16). So, consider what Jesus said about what we say to Him in prayer ("For every one that asketh receiveth" Matthew 7:8). So, consider that the discipline of praying is a spiritual activity, of which prayers are answered. So, consider that when we are Spirit-filled, living in the Spirit of His righteousness (Romans 8:4), we have a most encouraging promise from a prayer encourager, namely the Apostle James. So, consider that precious verse of his epistle: "the effectual fervent prayer of a righteous man availeth much" - "to be strong,robust, and powerfully availed" (5:16). So, consider, and wonder no more, but do pray the more. So, consider PRAYER.
