---
layout: post
title: A Step up with a Song
date: 2018-9-25 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Overwhelmed? God has blessed us all with a living soul (mind, will, and emotion). At times, that soul of our's goes through some unexpected grueling experiences. Once again, the question: "Overwhelmed?" A direct question addressed to us all that is deserving of an honest answer. God knows our hearts, and He gives us the answer for "heart trouble" from the Psalmist. Here's what David had to say: "When my heart is overwhelmed; lead me to the rock that is higher than I" (Psalm 61:2). As David lived his life for the Lord, he certainly was not immune from everyday struggles, situations, and setbacks. The Book of Psalms was inspired by God for His people to be lifted in worship, praise and song, even when we are found in adverse circumstances. The Psalmist had his share of experiences that brought temporay discomfort to his heart. When his adversaries were not silent in their assault upon his soul, neither was David. He asked God, "attend unto my prayer" (v. 1), and David took the high road, ascending to the Lord's "strong tower from the enemy" (v. 3)). He was singing on his way to the place where discouragement could not follow. His "low road" adversaries would not be comfortable at the towering place of refuge: "I will abide in thy tabernacle" (v. 4). Together with that abiding, came the assurance "Thou wilt prolong the king's life" (v.6). Life goes on, and so did David's life in God: a rewarding life, a worshipful life, a life of singing his Psalm with Holy Spirit inspired assurance that God takes care of His own. So what is the teaching that gets our soul on track when we are overwhelmed? 1) Talk to God about it, 2) Then step up to the "Rock" solid place in life. 3) Realize that God gives life. 4) He prolongs life even in overwhelming situations. 5) Stay in His tabernacle and SING THERE. 6) Remember, that which "had" overwhelmed cannot touch your soul there. So, take a step up to the Rock - get "UNDERWHELMED" THERE.
