---
layout:     post
title:      A Delightful Discipleship
date:       2018-1-9 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

If there is one word to describe the Christian life, would it be duty or delight? In answering that question, please consider a combination of the two; yes, our journey down the discipleship road in life with the Lord can be a delight. A wonderful spiritual eye-opener is found in Scripture for every disciple (a disciplined follower of Christ), namely, we don't go it alone. As the Apostle Paul encouraged the new believers at Thessalonica, he brings the same encouragement to us with God's energizing spiritual fuel for the Christian journey. "Now our Lord Jesus Christ himself, and God, even our Father, which hath loved us, and hath given us everlasting consolation and good hope through grace, comfort your hearts and establish you in every good word and work" (2 Thessalonians 2:16). Please cherish the eternal truth that the reality of the Christian life is "Christ in you, the hope of glory" (Colossians 1:27). The Word relates to us that glorious, powerful truth "in the NOW" - "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost (Romans 15:13). NOW, since we don't go it alone by resorting to our own human resources in self achievement, trying to attain the mark of Christian perfection, NOW place that futility struggle in neutral, better yet, in park. NOW shift gears and place your life in spiritual drive. NOW, walk in His Spirit, living in the spiritual power of the Holy Ghost, and of the One "which hath loved us" - NOW remembering that He gives us moment by moment an "everlasting consolation" (stirring refreshment to the soul), "good hope" (a pleasant, joyful and confident expectancy from His Spirit at work in us), "through grace" (His favor targeted on our soul), "comfort your hearts" (encouraged by His strength, as you are called alongside of the Comforter), "establish you" (making firm, fixed and stable) "in every good word and work" (2:16) - all in the NOW. Therefore, there is hardly an adequate description in words to describe the Christian life, so blessed by the Word of God and the Spirit of God. Since our Christian life is all about Christ's life within us, lived out from us, with His power coming upon us, could the answer to the question of the Christian life defined be: A DELIGHTFUL DISCIPLESHIP.
