---
layout:     post
title:      Know Now
date:       2018-5-8 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Trust, what a word, and more than a word; trust is a LIVING BIBLE WORD that can make the difference in the lives of us all. We all rely on the some form of foundational basis to which we commit our lives, and then to live out our lives, . Just what is it in that word TRUST? That in which we place our trust, namely that in which we "place confidence in" is so crucial in life's journey. Just what is it that defines us, that which will either "make us or break us?" The answer: it all depends on that in which we trust. The Lord gives us His Word of truth in which to formulate our thinking process leading to our life's practice. Words become thoughts, and thoughts become either that in which tends to life or death - as they measure themselves in our soul. His Word can direct, redirect, define, redefine, and then acted upon to be the FINAL WORD, thereby being decisive in the way we live. When we find His Word, words that matter with God, then matter to us, our lives take on a whole new perspective and direction, leading to a God-given and God-blessed destination. We can rest on His Word that give us His principles and precepts that become those internal teachers that guide us through life. Life is serious business, therefore we need solid truths that can find their way into the inner core of our God-given being. His Word is trustworthy: "Know now ('to become acquainted with" - as trustworthy) that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD which the LORD spake ..." (II Kings 10:10). What He has spoken is true; when He has spoken, it has and it will come to pass; how He has spoken, it is comes from a LIFE GIVER; and then where He has spoken: to the heart, His Word comes alive. Life is not all about man's philosophical view of life, life is more precious than that; life is about His theological view of life, and that involves our trust in His theology (the Word of God). Trust - every man needs that spiritual essential that has power to bring life to his soul. Trust - every soul needs His life-giving Word: "the words that I speak unto you they are spirit and they are life" (John 6:63). Trust - every life awakened by His spiritual Word can rest assured that "there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD which the LORD spake" (v. 10). "So shall my word be that goeth forth out of my mouth: it shall not return unto me void, but it shall accomplish that which I please and it shall prosper in the thing whereto I sent it. For ye shall go out with joy and be led forth with peace" (Isaiah 55:11-12). The words that we have in our soul become who we are. Just think of who we can be, and who we are becoming with the Word of truth living there. Jesus tells us, "I am the truth" and when we live in Him (the truth) we have Him as "the way" and then "THE LIFE" (John 14:6). "Trust in the LORD with all thine heart, and lean onto unto thine own understanding. In all thy ways acknowledge him, and he shall direct thy paths. be not wise in thine own eyes" (Proverbs 3:5-7). Oh, "KNOW NOW" - "become acquainted" with THE WORD OF THE LORD, WHICH THE LORD SPAKE" (II Kings 10:10). We can trust His life-giving, life-building, life-rewarding WORD. Life, your life is all about TRUST - trust in His Word.
