---
layout:     post
title:      So Shall Thy Strength Be
date:       2018-5-22 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Need some added strength for that extra mile in your journey in life, especially your work life? Good news comes to you today from the Book of Deuteronomy, "As thy days, so shall thy strength be" (33:25). The Lord's will never give us a task, a duty, or a mission that He does not enable you to do with His personal power working in your life. "It is God that worketh in me both to will and to do His good pleasure" (Philippians 2:13). When it comes to what we do, when we do it, where we do it, the main focus is for WHOM are we doing it. "Whatsoever ye do, do all to the glory of God" (I Corinthians 10:31). When we serve Him in our various, individual capacities, the Lord takes delight in lightening the load: "He said, my presence shall go with thee, and I shall give thee rest" (Exodus 33:14). In the wisdom of God, He has placed within His children the joy of being active in our roles in life. We don't have to run from what needs to be done, we can run to the work, because God can then do a marvelous work in our lives. There is the blessing of achievement when we have joined the ranks of those who desire a job well done. The real blessing is that the Lord is in there with you, revealing His divine presence, and giving His divine strength to do what needs to be done (Matthew 11:28). Then, as thy moments in thy days, thy responsibilities in thy days, thy weariness in thy days, thy challenges in thy days ... "so shall thy strength be." We get the blessing of knowing the One whose mighty hand is fitted to our hand in the work, and the blessing is when we are doing it for HIM, we get know Him (Philippians 3:10). When we get our assignments from Him, and then labor for Him, we can be the best in what we do because the Lord is in our labor - whether it be sacred or secular (all honest, ethical work can be blessed by God) . When we take our God-given assignments as from the Author of all work, "the LORD thy God shall bless thee in all thy works, and in all that thou puttest thine hand unto" (Deuteronomy 15:10). As the day wears away, so does our capacity wear away in accomplishing what needs to be done. Then IN STEPS the Lord for the "second wind" of finishing the job. The Lord knows what we can do regarding our limitations, our abilities, and time schedules, and then He specializes in helping us do a first-class job in every area - for His glory. God prepares our tasks, the wisdom for the work, and strength and rest in all our labors for Him, all the while letting us know "as thy days, so shall thy strength be!"
