---
layout:     post
title:      Jesus, the Freedom Maker
date:       2018-7-2 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

When we are celebrate the freedom that is given us in this great nation, we must also rejoice in the liberty that we have in the Freedom Maker, Christ Himself.  Jesus reminds us that He not only forgives sin, but that He frees us from its bondage.  "If the Son of man therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed" (John 8:36)  Forgiveness and freedom, both are blessed gifts from the One who came to earth to tell us how we can be experience both.  Jesus tells us how: "Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God" (John 3:3).  The religious world could not grasp the spiritual precept offered to them.  When Jesus spoke of His kingdom,  the Pharisees disbelieved His deity, declared their own self righteousness, and also "demanded (imagine that) when the kingdom of God should come."  Jesus said, "the kingdom of God cometh not with observation" (an outward presentation - Luke 17:20).  The Lord said, "the kingdom of God is within you" (meaning: Jesus being in the midst v. 21).  Imagine that, the Pharisees being stuck in the bondage of their religion, with forgiveness and freedom being offered right there in their midst by Jesus Himself.  Then, Jesus said that the day "will come when ye desire to see the Son of man, and ye shall not see" (v. 22).  Because of self righteousness firmly held in the heart of religious unbelief, the Pharisee could not see what the Lord offered (forgiveness and freedom from sin), but "unbelievably" He was there right in front of them, speaking on that very subject!  Born-again believers in His kingdom desire to see & can "see the kingdom of God" (John 3:3) and what that kingdom presents to them.  Why?  How?  The answer is all about the WHO - the Freedom Maker, Jesus Christ who forgives the repentant heart and frees the soul of man to live in His joyful presence, being victorious over sin.  Oh, keep walking with the Lord, who frees us moment by moment from sin, remembering that "to be carnally minded is death: but to be spiritually minded is life and peace" (Romans 8:6).  It's all a matter of being free in Him, living in His Spirit's control: "If Christ be in you ... the Spirit is life" (v. 10), as we walk in His Spirit. "Stand fast therefore in the liberty wherewith Christ hath made us free, and be not entangled again with the yoke of bondage (Galatians 5:1).


