---
layout:     post
title:      The Sovereign Seat of Help
date:       2018-4-2 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Oh, Lord help me!" Has anyone spoken those words in earnest prayer lately? Since all of us have found ourselves looking to the One who has power to deal with situations beyond our control, the answer is a most certain YES. The writer of Hebrews encourages us to "come boldly unto the throne of grace, that we may obtain mercy, and find grace to help in time of need" (4:16). We have One there. sitting there, listening there, for you there - in that grace-filled, throne room place. He is there on His sovereign seat FOR YOU, to hear your plea for His help. The Lord is the One who has a compassionate heart with a listening ear, and possesses power to deal with all the hurts and concerns of His own. The Psalmist was assured of exactly that when he prayed, "Hear, O LORD, and have mercy upon me: LORD, be thou my helper" (30:10). Here's our spiritual assignment when the trouble comes, when the answers to life cannot be answered on our own, and when there is no place to turn to except to the One who can turn things around in the will of God. The answer is found in Psalm 33:20: "Our soul WAITETH for the LORD: he is our help." Oh wait (tie your soul together with Him) and then there will be no need to question His willingness in coming to your aid. His desire is one of pleasure in helping you: "Be pleased, O LORD, to deliver me' (Psalm 40:13). Also, no need to wonder about His time-table in taking divine intervention because He will "make haste to help me" (v. 13). Yes, we are all in this struggle that we call LIFE. That life becomes less stressful when we discover that the Lord is my helper. The answers to life are found with the One who gave us life, and desires that we have fullness of life-abundant (John 10:10). Life's real answer is allowing the Lord to make the difference with Him being the One personally addressed as our HELPER in time of need. Look to Him and "Behold (Him, for the Lord) God is mine helper" (Psalm 54:4), and when you do, the Lord desires to make that relationship God-strong in the "helping business" (namely, His divine business). Rest assured that "the Lord GOD will help me" and "therefore shall I not be confounded" - no more confusion in the challenges of life (Isaiah 50:7). Please remember this dear Christian: "help yourself by getting to your HELPER" and also remember: "you don't go it alone" when the HELPER HELPS. The Helper is on the sovereign seat to help you.
