---
layout:     post
title:      The Good Fight
date:       2018-4-10 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Running out of spiritual fuel? Need some heavenly reinforcement in your spiritual mission of "fighting the good fight of faith" (I Timothy 6:12)? Here then is the Word of God to the rescue: "Lay hold on eternal life, whereunto thou art also called" (v. 12). Interesting word combination "lay hold on," with a one word in the Greek penned by the Holy Spirit, having a powerful word exhortation: "to take it in by personal possession, seize it with a firm grip, taking it with your hands (spiritual hands)." Taking possession of your eternal life makes all the difference in living the victorious life as a believer. Every life has challenges as we press toward the mark for prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus" (Philippians 3:14). Yes, spiritual trials come to test us, and as long as we live in the tabernacle of our earthly habitation we need the Captain of our faith to lead us on in victory as we "fight that good fight of faith." The answer for living a victorious Christian life is, has been, and always will be the Lord. He is the One to whom we "lay hold on" for He is Life Eternal (I John 5:20). "Lay hold on eternal life" is all about taking hold of Him and the Lord taking hold of us (Philippians 3:12). He is our possession; He is our provider; He is our power; He is our pathway; He is our providence; "He is mine and I am His" (Song of Solomon 2:16). When you are living the faith-life in Him, with Him, and for Him we have all the encouragement needed for fighting the good fight of faith. Oh, lay hold on eternal life, living in the Spirit of the "Author (Captain) of our faith"(Hebrews 12:2). "Lay hold on eternal life" is a divine mission in the believer's life: "whereunto thou art also called" (v. 12). The Lord has called you to life eternal, and He has called you unto Himself. "Whereunto thou are also called," meaning every believer in particular has that calling. So, with salvation's call we can now join the ranks with the Captain of our faith who gives us the cause for the victor's chant: "Faith is the victory," all realized in laying hold on Him. The Lord's calling is all about Life Eternal, for "In him was life" (John 1:4), and "He is the true God, and ETERNAL LIFE" (I John 5:20). He is your personal possession, lay hold on Him, as He lays hold on you.
