---
layout:     post
title:      The House of Gladness
date:       2018-3-6 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Any gladness in that heart of your's today?"  Sure hope so!   Yes, there is a place where gladness is found.  Places become important to people, especially when there is gladness found in the heart of the one longing for and associated with that special place of personal interest.  So true in the heart of the born-again believer when that special place is the LORD's place. Here's the Scripture that speaks volumes to those who are of glad of heart.  "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the LORD" (Psalm 122:1).  Yes, a place, but not just any place, it's the Lord's place, the Lord's house, the glad house, the happy house.  Yes, a place of gladness; what a fitting description of the house of the Lord and what the spirit-filled believer experiences there - GLADNESS.  Yes, places are important, especially the heart place of the one walking with his Lord, because the heart is where gladness is enjoyed.  Please notice that gladness was already in the heart of the Psalmist anticipating his worship experience, even before arriving at the Lord's house, his place of gladness: "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the LORD."   Also, notice that he was not alone in that preparatory heart condition of gladness "when they said unto" him, "let us go."  When the Psalmist knew that there were other hearts of gladness to meet him there, that very thought brought him more of the same - GLADNESS.  Knowing that when he was on his way there, and that the glad heart of others would go with him as he journeyed  there, to meet him there, his own gladness was then elevated to the next level.   Oh, joining the glad-hearted is more than a spiritual possibility, it is a spiritual precedent to be enjoyed as a grand venture of godly-gladness - shared.  Isn't that what the "church of the living God" (I Timothy 3:15) is all about.  Glad hearts are living hearts, because gladness gives life to the heart.  That glad hearted mission can be so powerful in the lives of others, when gladness becomes of us all.  Remember, your body is the temple (the house) of the Holy Ghost which is in you which ye have of God" (I Corinthians 6:19).  When we enjoy gladness in our own personal temple of God, we can then share that gladness with others when we get to the house of God.   Where the Holy Spirit resides, there gladness resides, ready to fill the heart and then to readily share that glad heart with others   That gladness brings you into a glad union not only with the Lord, but with others, and a glad reunion with each other.  We bond to each other with the Lord's Spirit of His gladness.   So, even when things don't go "your way," go with GOD'S GLAD WAY.  "Rejoice with them that do rejoice" (Romans 12:15).  Yes, places become important to people, especially when there is a gladness in the heart of the one longing for and associated with that glad place (Psalm 122:1).  Oh, make your heart place a godly-glad place, even before you arrive at the house of the Lord.  When you do, gladness can then be shared, because God already shared His gladness of heart with you in the temple wherein He resides (I Corinthians 6:19). "Glory ye in his holy name: let the heart of them rejoice that seek the LORD (Psalm 105:3).  Oh, make your personal temple where the Holy Spirit resides (I Corinthians 6:19) a house of gladness to be shared with others.