---
layout:     post
title:      God's Building Business
date:       2018-5-15 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Great life-changing truths from God's Word are revealed to the Word-hungry seeker of God's living truth. As the Christian seeks the Word, the Word becomes so alive that it seeks to find its inroad in very place that makes a life-changing difference in man; and that place is the heart. The Spirit of the living God does His divine life-giving work ONLY in a chosen place, the heart of man. When He does, we can say as the Psalmist: "Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee" (Psalm 119:11). Without the Word finding its "hiding place" in the heart, there is no true spiritual life in the Christian. What God desires for us becomes less appealing, especially when our will conflicts with God's will. When the Word is in the heart there is God's life in the believer's heart. That heart becomes alive in praise, worship, spiritual fellowship, faithfulness, loving the house of God to where God has called you. Oh, dear Christian, the Lord is so very jealous of His very body, the body of faithful believers that He is building for His glory: "Upon this rock I will build my church" (Matthew 16:18). When we are in the building business with God, there will be joy in being the very work of God, being part of His building effort, working in us "both to will and do His good pleasure" (Philippians 2:13), with the privilege of bearing all the fruit of His Holy Spirit, being so evident (Galatians 5:22-ff). The Word-filled heart is a living heart because the Word is "quick (living) and powerful" (Hebrews 4:12). God's Word is life because of the very essence of the Word: "In the beginning was the Word, and was with God, and the Word was God" (John 1:1). The context of John's Gospel tells us that "In him (the Word) was life: and the life was the light of men" (v. 4). The Lord desires to have His Spirit to translate a Word-alive Christianity into the hearts of His children, as we are the body of Christ for His glory. Here's our spiritual assignment: "My son, if thou wilt receive my words, and hide my commandments with thee ... then thou shalt understand the fear of the LORD" (Proverbs 2:1). The fear of the LORD is of utmost importance with God. Here's why: when you have the fear of the LORD (having respect for the LORD and His Word), He gives life in our soul directly from Him as the Life-giver. "My covenant was with him of life and peace, and I gave them to him for the fear wherewith he feared me ... the law of truth was in his mouth" (Malachi 2:5-6). Oh, be in the building business with God, making His business our business, being a work of God, alive in His Word.
