---
layout:     post
title:      Another Spirit
date:       2018-2-27 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Missing the blessing?" Hope not! The Lord is in the blessing business, and He want us to possess the best that He has for us. So then, just what is it that the Lord desires for His children to possess in their lives? Yes, all those spiritual blessings we already possess mean so very much to us personally as we walk with our Lord. However, if God would limit showering us with the spiritual bounty, eternally speaking, that would suffice. However, there is so much more that He has for us, all because of the storehouse of riches of His grace (Ephesians 2:7). The giving nature of God is so real and what He has to give is spoken of in His Word. We serve the "living God, who giveth us richly all things to enjoy (I Timothy 6:17). Yes, our giving God has blessings at His disposal, ready and waiting for His outpouring on His own people. Then, making it personal, here's a question: does God single out individual Christians that He wants to bless. In other words, is there a life to be lived before the Lord, of which God takes notice, and from His sovereign will, He then bestows His graciousness? Can we as Christians possess that special something in our hearts that God recognizes, and can then bring the blessings bountifully to be possessed in our lives? Let's bring some Bible certainty into the equation: possessing what God has intended for us is a most spiritual matter; it begins with a spiritual heart possession, namely "another spirit." Please consider "my servant Caleb (who) had another spirit with him and hath followed me fully, him will I bring into the land whereunto he went: and his seed shall possess it" (Numbers 14:24). "Another spirit:" interesting word, meaning there was a following spirit in "my servant Caleb" who "followed me fully." Considering those words, there is no redundancy when it comes to following the Lord with that "another" (following spirit). Possession of the Lord's blessings came to "following Caleb" because of what he initially possessed: he had "another spirit." Oh, join the rank and followers of the Lord and "be ye followers of me, even as I also am of Christ (I Corinthians 11;1). When you possess a following heart, the blessings will follow you and find you. Remember, "no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly" (Psalm 84:11).
