---
layout:     post
title:      Light and Life -- in Him
date:       2018-7-17 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Any real "finds" in your life lately? Is that promising "just right scenario" in life now within your grasp? Are you reaching out to anything fulfilling in particular, and hopefully attainable? The "world" says "good luck & have at it," but the Lord says, "good news, I have IT, and I created it," and here it is for you: "In him was life; and the life was the light of men" (John 1:4). When the Spirit of our Lord turns on the light, shining within your heart, the spotlight is then on the life that he desires to give you in this darkened world of our's. The LIFE that He offers is brilliantly revealed as His ABUNDANT LIFE - "I came that they might have life and have it abundantly" (John 10:10). You don't have to look, search, attain, or reach out endlessly to find it, nor do you have to extend yourself precariously to grab onto the unattainable. There is no endless personal pursuit at all. You don't have to reach out to find real life, He reaches out to you with His real discovery, finding you with HIS LIFE. Jesus said, I came "to seek and to save that which was lost" (Luke 19:10). He does the seeking and He does the saving. When He seeks and saves, He does the shining as well as "the Light of the world" (John 8-12), as the ILLUMINATION OF LIFE within. Jesus is "the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world" (John 1:9). It's all about discovering life in Him, not in ourselves: it's not found in the fleeting futility of fame, fortune, or finances. "For whosoever will save his life shall lose it: and whosoever will lose his life for my sake shall find it" (Matt. 16:25). The "whosoever" is the one immersed in the truth of God's "losing-finding" principle in life (v. 25 ). Life in its very definition is none other than "the fresh & hearty breath of God resting upon the soul." That life is a real find, and by definition life can be "a discovery revealed, learned & personally proven by His person living within." "In him was life; & the life was the light of men" (John 1:4). No life is obscure with His Light that shines revealing the LIFE he desires for you.
