---
layout: post
title: A Glad Reception
date: 2018-8-20 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Oh, the blessings of the Lord, and how appreciative we are when they come to us.  The spiritual blessings coming from His Word are among those most treasured by the spiritually minded. Here is a Biblical account of a stirring spiritual activity in the hearts of those who loved the Lord and His Word:  "And it came to pass, that when Jesus returned, the people gladly received him: for they were waiting for him" (Luke 8:40). A remarkable observation can be lifted from Scripture: living faith is obviously seen in an active & glad reception of our Lord (the message from the Messenger) & is definitely linked to a personal waiting for Him. Certainly true of the Psalmist, "I wait for the LORD, my soul doth wait, more than they that watch for the morning" (Psalm 130:5-6). Btw, he adds, "in his word do I hope" & that gives us all hope (a confident expectancy)!  Here's the blessing for us, all certified by Scripture: "Now the God of hope fill you with all joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope through the power of the Holy Ghost" (Romans 15:13). Just as sure as "joy cometh in the morning" (Psalm 30:5), that same joy comes to the heart waiting for the Lord and His Word, knowing that the Holy Spirit accompanies His Word.  Gladness from the Word comes to the Spirit filled believer "waiting for Him" (Luke 8:40), when we "gladly receive him" and when we, AS "they were waiting for him" (v. 40).  Joy, gladness, hope, waiting on the Lord and his Word is quite a fellowship combination for a New Testament church.  All of these spiritual ingredients came together for a grand reunion in the hearts of the spiritually minded in early church when "they gladly received the Word" (Acts 2:41). Earlier in Luke's context, Jesus addressed a question to His disciples, "where is your faith" (v. 25). Upon witnessing "the glad reception," I believe their answer would be our's: "In your Word, received gladly!" 