---
layout:     post
title:      Journey on with Your Song
date:       2018-2-6 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Feeling like you are swimming upstream in a downstream world? Experiencing any opposition to the intents, thoughts, and lifestyle that come from a heart that loves the Lord? Is your light appearing to be a 'bit dimmer in a darkened world that is is trying to make its inroad into your heart's treasury - still found in your soul? Oh, take heart because the Light of the world (John 8:12) still has illuminating power to make you shine as never before. As the songwriter reminds us, "This world is not my home, I'm just a passing through." We not only are passing through a darkened world, we can journey on with the "LIGHT OF LIFE' - life-giving light (John 1:4). We live in a darkened world that knows not the "Light of he world" (John 8:12), neither experiencing enlightened life, choosing rather to be carried along with a darkened heart blinded by the "prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh (giving energy) in the children of disobedience" (Ephesians 2:2). The Psalmist David knew first-hand the opposition that assaulted his soul; however, he also knew the powerful hand of the One Who sustained him as he lived in a world that did not know his Lord. David's adversaries "prevented (had gone before him) in the day of his calamity;" however, the Lord arrived long before the enemy could afflict him for "the LORD was my stay- 'staff of support'" (Psalm 18:18). David possessed the spiritual weaponry that defended him long before the first volley from the enemy was launched. "He delivered me from my strong enemy ... for they were too strong for me" (2 Samuel 22:18). That spiritual victory was so special in "the man after God's own heart" (1 Samuel 13:14), that he repeated it, cherished it, and sang all about it in his Psalm unto his Lord (18:17 - his song of deliverance). Take heart, start exercising your spiritual vocal chords dear child of God; yes, JOURNEY ON with a SONG of deliverance, being enlightened amidst a darkened world that does not know Him, nor you. Yes, JOURNEY ON in your song unto the Lord, because "He brought me forth also into a large place" (Psalm 18:19). Yes, JOURNEY ON, in your song "because he delighted in me" (v. 19) in a world that takes no "deLIGHT" in you, nor your LORD. Yes, JOURNEY ON, in your song because "the LORD rewarded me according to my righteousness" (V. 20 - a righteous life lived out in the Spirit of His righteousness, not our own - Romans 8:4). Yes, JOURNEY ON in your song because the "the LORD hath recompensed me" (v. 24). Yes, JOURNEY ON in your song "for the Lord wilt light my candle (in a world that loves Satan's extinquishers): the LORD, my God will enlighten my darkness (v. 28). Remember, Jesus is "the light that shineth in darkness and the darkness comprehendeth it not (cannot put it out) (John 1:5). Keep going upstream with Him, the LIGHT OF LIFE. Now, as you go upstream, "let your light so shine before men, that they may see your good works, and glorify your Father which is in heaven (Matthew 5:16).
