---
layout:     post
title:      That Place Sure is Precious!
date:       2018-1-16 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Precious - what a word, especially when the definition of that "precious word" is found in the Word of God precious, pertaining to your faith. The Apostle Peter wrote something precious to believers, and intended it to be vividly defined in every born-again believer's life in Christ. Here's what Simon had to say in his epistle "to them that have obtained like precious faith with us through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ" (2 Peter 1:1). Every truly born-again believer does possess saving faith, and that faith is none other than precious faith. Question, what makes our faith "precious faith?" Answer: the faith that we have is precious because it is preciously obtained, which means that we are in possession of a gift "received" from the Lord. Precious faith received as a gift from our Lord is then faith that is of "great value, of high price, highly esteemed, and that precious gift is now cherished." Certainly, the value of any gift given is cherished greatly in direct relation to the giver of the gift, together with the price paid for that gift. God's gift to us is so precious because of the price precious. Once again, the precious Word: "Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold ... but with the precious blood of Christ, as of a lamb without blemish and without spot" (2 Peter 1:18-19). Again, what makes our faith "precious faith?" The spiritual avenue through which the gift travels from our Sender-God to His receiving-saints is none other than "through the righteousness of God and our Saviour Jesus Christ" (v. 1). Not only is the gift precious, but also the Giver of the gift is precious, together with the value of the gift is precious, all made possible through His righteousness (that is now our's) precious. His righteousness, not our's makes faith precious. Maybe it's time to sing that old hymn again, "My Faith Has Found a Resting Place" and that place sure is PRECIOUS.
