---
layout:     post
title:      Isaiah's Sermon&#58; The Meeting Place
date:       2018-4-17 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Need to close that seeming distance in your walk with the Lord? Desiring that ever maturing Father-son (daughter) relationship in your personal growth in grace (II Peter 3:18)? Have you ever wondered why the Lord seems so far away at times, when you wish it were not so? Then, the daunting thought, "how do I process all those emotions and feelings that are so real to me?" First of all, here's the reality check: you are not alone, and Bible facts take precedence over personal feelings. Those experiences in your spiritual life are just as real as experienced by God's people in Bible times of years gone by, as revealed to us from His Word: "Oh that thou wouldest rend the heavens, that thou wouldest come down ... at thy presence" (Isaiah 64:1). Question: is there a special practical significance for us all when the Word speaks theologically of the Lord "coming down" (v. 1), when, the heart of man can then be at one in "thy presence" with his Lord? The answer to "all of the above" are found in Isaiah's "sermon" found in chapter sixty four. The spiritually driven believer back then, as well as today is seeking for that special bond relationship with God, all found in a meeting place, made ready for those with a heart's desire for that close heart-walk with the Lord. Meeting place? Absolutely, a joyous one at that: "thou meetest him that rejoiceth and worketh righteousness, those that remember thee in thy ways" (v. 5). That meeting place has a joyous link of "thy ways" with "rejoicing." A "happy meeting place" as such with God, prepared for the believer that is serious about his Christianity, and God makes it a pronounced spiritual reality: "For since the beginning of the world men have not heard, nor perceived by the ear, neither hath eye seen, O God, beside thee what he hath prepared for him that waiteth for him" (v. 4). A divine invitation indeed, comes to those interested with a waiting-heart commitment, and then His divine door is opened to those entering into that meeting place of rejoicing in "thy ways." Isaiah teaches us the secret of how to meet God there, by revealing the not-so secret of it all with the prayer of those heartily interested: "NOW, O LORD, thou art our Father; we are the clay, and thou our potter: and we all are the work of thy hand" (v. 8). So, Isaiah is simply telling us, "NOW, if your want to meet God in that place of rejoicing, just give your clay to your Potter, let Him form and fashion your heart, live in His ways, and allow Him to be at work with His hand in your life, all the while being happy in Jesus TODAY."
