---
layout:     post
title:      Believest Thou This?
date:       2018-3-27 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Jesus made a bold statement concerning Himself one day, together with an eternal question ascribed to who He was: "i am the resurrection, and the life: he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live: and whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die. Believest thou this" (John 11:25-26). The same question is directed to us all from the One who spoke those words of life to Martha that day: "believest thou this?" We most assuredly can believe because "Jesus Christ our Lord, was ... DECLARED to be the Son of God with power, according to the Spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead" (Romans 1:3-4). That same Spirit, His Holy Spirit, is the personal enabler for resurrection power in believing. So then, believest thou this? We can, because He is the One "by whom we have received grace" for believing (v. 5, Ephesians 2:8-9). Dear saint of God, believest thou this? We can because that grace was given "for obedience to the faith ... for his name" (v. 5). So, heaven bound child of God, believest thou this? Most certainly, because when we set our hearts on the most glorious message of hope, the certainty of life anew, partaking of resurrected new life in our present daily walk, we are of the number of those that do "believest thou this." Yes, we can believe, we will believe, we will never cease to believe, we rejoice in our belief, belief in that new life, because of the LIFE GIVER. He is the Resurrection and the Life "among whom are ye also called of Jesus Christ: to all ... beloved of God, called to be saints: grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ" (v.s 6-7). As Jesus made that bold statement at Bethany that day concerning Who He was (the Resurrection and the Life), and what He has given us (LIFE), we can now make the bold statement: WE BELIEVE because He lives within us: We are of those who do "believest thou this!" YES, we believe those words of life, because it is all a matter of "whosoever liveth and believeth in me" (John 11:26), and WE DO, namely in the ONE WHO LIVES FOREVERMORE.
