---
layout: post
title: Light in the Darkness!
date: 2018-12-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Christmas just wouldn't be Christmas without God's light coming in the person of our Lord Jesus over two thousand years ago, now to shine purposefully in our hearts. It is the illumination of the Christ and His gospel for the salvation of man: "to turn them from darkness to light ... that they may receive forgiveness of sins, ... by faith that is in me" (Acts 26:18). Light for mankind, as illustrated so brightly in the narrative of the Magi of old. They were directed by His light and so can we: "We have seen his star in the east, and are come to worship him" (Matthew 2:2). The Wise Men had providential direction through a "star (that) went before them, till it came and stood over where the young child was" (v. 9). His star still shines; we have the light of His Word accompanied by His enlightening Spirit. Jesus is "the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world" (John 1:9). Since He came, we will never be the same. Light does that, changes things by first changing us. By His Spirit shining in the glorious gospel, which in turn changes man into a new creation (2 Corinthians 5:17). His light shows us our sinful condition of darkness, and draws us to Himself. Yes, light for salvation, then shines the light for the way - that changes us. Light for the walk instead of the darkness in stumbling, light for encouragement to offset the darkness of discouragement, light for faith amidst the darkness of doubt, light for joy to rise above the dark days of challenges, light for hope dispelling the darkness of doom, & light for love to ward off our dislikes leading to deadly darkness of hatred. It's all about Him, the Light shining within us to displace the darkness that wants to claim us, and then to destroy us. That light is Jesus, once a babe, then a Savior crucified, now the living Light within us. He brings Christmas light and life to our lives, changing a heart of indifference to the Word and to things spiritual to one of excitement for the things of God, empowering us to live in the true Spirit of Christmas. "In him was life: and the life was the light of men" (John 1:4). Life and Light, both are given to you from Jesus, which can give you the best Christmas ever. Now, give back to Him, and there is truly, only one wise man's response from the glorious light received: we too "are come to worship Him" (v. 2).
