---
layout:     post
title:      Oh, Pass Those Words Along
date:       2018-2-20 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

"Are you ready?" "Are you waiting?" Waiting and ready - a wonderful word combination concerning the coming of our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. An anytime, including an anytime in the now; yes, an anytime, imminent return of our Lord. "For the Lord himself shall descend from heaven with a shout, with the voice of the archangel, and with the trump of God: and the dead in Christ shall rise first. Then, we which are alive and remain shall be caught up together with them in the clouds, to meet the Lord in the air: and so shall we ever be with the Lord. Wherefore, comfort one another with these words" (I Thessalonians 4:16-18). "Wherefore COMFORT (encourage) one another:" What a wonderful spiritual activity while we are waiting and being ready for the Lord's coming: namely, encouraging one another. Oh, pass those words along to your brother in Christ because HIS WORDS encourage us to be heart ready and rapture ready. Those words bring a definite heart-throb message of love to lift the heart of God's people waiting for His return; a time when Jesus lifts us to where we will live with Him forever. Oh, pass those words along to your brother because His Word will do some heavy heart lifting, because the presence of our sinful nature that still plagues us all: "Waiting for the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ. Who shall also confirm you unto the end, that ye may be blameless in the day of our Lord Jesus Christ" (I Corinthians 1:7-8). Oh, pass those words along because His Word enables us to be heart-ready while waiting. Oh, pass those words along because His Word tells us that the Lord will confirm us blameless in that day. Oh, yes, and pass the words along found in that blessed Corinthian letter, and make it a personal letter addressed to you. "God is faithful, by whom ye were called unto the fellowship of his son Jesus Christ our Lord" (v. 9). Oh, pass those words along, because "God is faithful" to take us home to be in fellowship with Him forever. Oh, pass those words along to those "whom He called unto the fellowship of His Son Jesus Christ our Lord." Oh, pass those words along, for "He shall come to glorified in his saints, and to be admired in all them that believe because our testimony among you was believed in that day" (I Thessalonians 1:10). "Wherefore encourage one another" (I Thessalonians 4:18) by passing those words along.
