---
layout: post
title: Fresh Oil
date: 2018-9-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Hurting today? Yes, pain is real, oh so real, oh so very real, and none of us is immune to its effect on us. Pain is our body's built in mechanism that indicates to us that we need care. When the condition of our body is telling us that we need help for the body, to the physician we go, to the one to whom our care then becomes his care. From broken to unbroken; from wounded to being healed; from the hurt to being back in good health again. No matter how excruciating the hurt, not matter how intense the pain, or deep the wound, urgent care is available in our 21st Century world of medicine. However, there are hurts, wounds, and pains that are not limited to the body, and there is divine care available to the one who seeks the Great Physician. As believer's, we have PHYSICIAN JESUS who takes care of the hurts of our soul (Jeremiah 8:22). "He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds" (Psalm 147:3). A Biblical "binding up" indeed! As sure as we feel the pain, we surely can experience His present & soothing work on our soul (i.e. our mind, will, & emotion). The prophet Jeremiah assures God's people that we have a Physician with the "balm" (Jeremiah 8:22 - balm, namely the fragrant, lemon scent-oil ointment of healing). The blessing, that balm is prepared for us in His timely fashion, designed as a heaven sent-oil prepared for the specifics of our individual hurts, with the divine intention of bringing us back to our soul's health again. Oh, the heavenly balm from Jesus, which is not just any balm of oil, but we are graced with the anointing of His Holy Spirit. Yes, He is the Savior of your soul's salvation, but also, He is truly Sovereign over your soul's health, whatever the circumstances. Look to the Great Physician today, be anointed with the oil of His Holy Spirit, being filled with His Holy Spirit (Ephesians 5:16). Then, thank Him because He gives you a clean bill of your soul's health! It doesn't matter what touches your soul, as long as He makes the final touches with His oil in your soul. Yes, the Doctor is in today, and His divine office door is always open: 24/7! "Oil Anyone?" "My horn shalt thou exalt like the horn of a unicorn; I shall be anointed with fresh oil" (Psalm 92:10).
