---
layout:     post
title:      But We See Jesus
date:       2018-6-5 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a verse that is a real faith-builder, an encouragement of which we all need from the Word. "But we see Jesus" (Heb. 2:9). Seeing Him! What a spiritual focus aiding our spiritual eyesight for our spiritual mission in life. "Seeing Him" certainly brings our spiritual vision to where it needs to be. In the context in which "seeing Jesus" is written, there are helpful truths giving us Scriptural visuals that we can use to keep our spiritual focus sharpened. As the visage of Who He is becomes Scripture clear to us, our "seeing Jesus" will then clarify where we are in our Christian life, where we are headed, and where we need to be - especially in our viable part of His living body, the local church to which He has called us. Life is a challenge to the Christian; there can be so many distractions, discouragements, and detours in our Christian lives, "but we seeing Jesus" will keep us on spiritual track. In spite of anything and everything that distracts us in our mission to look away from spiritual things that really matter, there is the encouraging verse: "but we see Jesus." Yes, we can make our Christian resolution to be: "but we see Jesus." The context helps us in our seeing Him: "I will put my trust in Him" (v 13), namely our way of life - bonded with Him. Your trust & faith will help keep your eyes off the many distractions that impede our spiritual vision, hamper our spiritual mission, and ultimately stifle our spiritual growth. Once again, the context of the Hebrew passage helps us to "see Jesus" - it is all a matter of what attracts our attention. Grace does exactly that: GRACE ATTRACTS, because God's grace is so beautifully attractive. When grace (God's favor reaching out to you) enters our spiritual heart, our spiritual sight is made clear. Yes, grace does that, and what an attention it brings for us to "see Jesus" more clearly: "that he by the grace of God should taste death for every man" (v. 9). If by God's grace He died to save us, we by grace can then live for Him. As born again believers, we know exactly what He has done for us. If He in redemption did that for me by His grace, there was no obstructed vision on His part as He graced us with His salvation by dying for us. Now, because of His spiritual working within us, we can use that same grace in seeing Him by living for Him. We can be "looking unto Jesus" (12:2). We "see Jesus" as "the Captain of salvation" (v. 10); He is our authority. We "see Jesus" being "crowned with glory and honor" (v. 9); we desire to glorify Him. We "see Jesus" "for it became him for whom are all things" (v. 10). May it "become us" in seeing Jesus by making Him our focus amidst all the distractions. Oh, serve Him dear Christian, and serve Him well with the heart-set of Hebrews 2:9: "but we see Jesus!"
