---
layout: post
title: Precious Stones
date: 2018-11-06 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

In answer to the disciples being impressed with Jerusalem's well adorned temple of "goodly stones," Jesus gave His reply: "As for these things which ye behold, the days will come in the which there shall not be left one stone upon another" (Luke 21:6). Peter would discover the Lord's "stone preference" when Holy Spirit inspiration flowed from God through his pen: "Ye also, as lively stones, are built up a spiritual house, an holy priesthood" (1 Peter 2:5). That physical structure of which the disciples lauded, no matter how ornate to their natural eyes, had stones that would be "thrown down" (Luke 21:6). A spiritual perspective given to us from the Word provides to each of us the Lord's real "worship place" of importance. Without the "lively" spiritual stones being built into a spiritual habitation with Christ being the Chief Cornerstone, there would be no offering of an "acceptable sacrifices to God by Jesus Christ" (v. 5). When there is the Artisan's mortar-solid connection of stones assembled by Himself, the Builder, His stones cannot, and will not be thrown down. The Lord knows how precious His stones are as He lifts them to their respective places in His spiritual structure of His building, His church! Oh, let us appreciate the buildings God has given us in which to worship; however, let us look beyond the physical structure, and behold the preciousness of each stone of the spiritual structure. Come as lively stones to worship together, each stone being built up, and lively in Him in praise, peace, prayer, joy, fellowship, and worship . When we do, the "goodly stones" of the physical structure will not impede worship, only enhance your lively (alive in Him) "acceptable sacrifice (worship) to God by Jesus Christ" (v. 5). May the Lord use His Word to keep our eyes more on the spiritual building that really matters and less on "these things which ye behold" with natural eyes. Present your stone to be "lively" (alive in Him) in the Builder: "in whom all the building fitly framed together groweth unto an holy temple in he Lord" (Ephesians 2:21).
