---
layout:     post
title:      His Presence - Restful
date:       2018-4-24 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Rest is such a powerful Bible word. Powerful? Yes, indeed, because God has divine power in restoring our depleted physical resources. Certainly, all of God's people do get weary, tired, and worn out after their long days of physical endeavors. We need rest, and the One who gives it - GIVES IT. "Blessed be the Lord, that hath given rest unto his people" (I Kings 8:56). The Holy Spirit inspired word for this special rest relates to a "quietness found in a resting place." That quiet resting place is the Lord HIMSELF, and the quietness that He gives "does the job" when it comes to anything and everything that tends to wear on us all. The Lord knows exactly what kind of rest that each of His children need in their daily lives. Yes, we need rest as we extend ourselves in our earthly tabernacle; but how about rest in the person (you) who lives there? Need some rest regarding your other challenges in life. Feeling the spirit of unrest as your thoughts ponder what's ahead in your tomorrows? Is there a debt to be paid, a medical issue to be addressed, an event that you feel too ill-equipped in which to participate? Any apprehensions, any concerns, any "what ifs," any frustrations in your heart that longs for rest? Back to the I Kings' context, Solomon in his wisdom addresses the concern that God can and will give: REST. He desired that "the LORD our God be with us ... not to leave us, nor forsake us" (v. 57). Then, he gave us all the spiritual mission for us to "be nigh unto the LORD our God ... that He maintain the cause of his servant, and the cause of his people ... at all times, as the matter required" (v. 59). There is resting place "at all times," and that place is the LORD Himself. Oh, "be nigh unto the LORD, our God" and He will give quietness in all "the matters required" in your life. Yes, your matters, do matter to the Lord who watches over you, because "He careth for you" (I Peter 5:7). Remember, "He said, my presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest" (Exodus 33:14). Here's an assignment that will make all the difference, go with Him with His presence - RESTFUL. Jesus tells us so, "I will give you rest" as you "come unto ME" (Matthew 11:29).
