---
layout:     post
title:      Are You Sure?
date:       2018-5-1 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Looking for a sure footing in life, and then some sure steps to be taken from that sure place of security, for sure journey in life. Not to be redundant, but rather to emphasize that life of security. Living a life of certainty is what the Lord's people seeking Him really desire. The Lord's Word places emphasis on that very word "sure." He gives security for those seeking those solid God-steps that the Lord would have for obedient truth-walkers. The Lord declared that security of life to David, a man who walked with God: "He hath made with me an everlasting covenant, ordered in all things, and sure: for this is all my salvation, and all my desire" (II Samuel 23:5). That word "covenant" has an interesting definition, meaning that there is an agreement between God and man with the idea of a friendship association. David had exactly that, for he spoke of God's covenant being "with me" (v. 5). David was a man "with God" - a man after God's own heart (I Samuel 13:14), ordering his steps in the Lord; thus, having his soul at "one" in unity with God and His covenant. As David ordered his life after the Lord's will, God ordered David's life in "all things, and sure" (v. 5). David is giving this testimony in the last years of his life, during that precious time when his wisdom speaks with absolute certainty. What he had to say gives us all an added spiritual motivation, for us to live out that same testimony by saying, "this is all my salvation, and all my desire" (v. 5). A life in God, wrapped around an everlasting agreement with God, His Word, and His will brings the quality of life with the definition of "sure." Here is the "sure" life: "to be kept by God, He guards one's life by watching over it, observing it with the idea of treasuring it." When the Lord is interactive in the life that walks in His everlasting covenant (steps ordered by the Lord, having a heart for God), that believer can testify as David: "this is all my desire;" namely, "this is all my longing, all my delight, all my good pleasure, and I am living the life that God intended for me as fulfilling." Here's an honest question that we all can ask ourselves, "Am I SURE that I a living my life to the fullest that God has intended?" The answer is found in II Samuel 23:5, and when we are in agreement with God's everlasting covenant, the good pleasure of His will (Philp. 2:13) is our SURE delight.
