---
layout: post
title: Our Giving God
date: 2018-11-26 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Epistle of James tells us that the believer is blessed with the Giver of gifts, given from above.  Scripture reveals the nature of the Giver as divine, as well as the nature of His giving being divine.  As we give notice to the manner in which God gives, the Word also gives knowledge as to who God is in Himself in giving.  The Word tells us that "every good gift and every perfect gift is from above, and cometh down from the Father of lights" (v. 17).   Your gifts from God that "cometh down" to you are packaged with the wrappings only heaven can give - by the "Father of lights."  Every good gift from your Heavenly Father carries with it the illuminated brightness from where it is given.  Glorious indeed, because of Who He is and extended to you in glorious fashion because of your son relationship to the Father of lights.  The glorious quality of what He gives is measured by the essence of Who He is in His glory.  God is light, and His gifts and giving are in measure with His glory.  Also, how He gives, tells us more about Him; those gifts are those precious presents that "cometh down"  - meaning, those good and perfect gifts "keep on coming down!"  In acknowledgment of the One who sends them, we see there is no "variableness, neither shadow of turning" (v. 17).  No change in God's glorious nature means there is no change in His glorious giving to His own.  They keep on coming because of Who He is in His relationship with His own!  Therefore, much is known by the One who gives, building our trust in the Giver.  "He that spared no his own Son, but delivered him up for us all, how shall he not with him also freely give us all things" (Romans 8:32).  His ultimate gift, along with "all things" to be given, initiates trust within, which is a gift in itself.  Open first the gift of trust in the Giver, and then the "all things" He has "coming down" to you everyday are much more appreciated: they are from our Father, given with His brightness upon us.  With His illuminating power within, we can see clearly those blessings, that they are from God because of our trust relationship with Him.  Allow Him to build that glorious gift of trust in your heart because of Who He is: "the Father of lights" - then we can see that we are truly blessed.