---
layout: post
title: The Overcomer
date: 2018-10-23 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

In today's texts there are real to life Biblical phrases that come to life, available to us through Holy Spirit inspired Scripture. Here then is God's Word to us revealed: "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world" (John 16:33). The Lord assures us of His peace and cheer in a world bombarded by tribulation. Jesus makes a very powerful statement; namely, "I have overcome the world" (v. 33). Through those words spoken, He is assuring us of His power available to us. Any tribulation lately? Here's the response for the Holy Spirit filled believer: we can rejoice in the spiritual reality that as Jesus, the Living Word lives in us, His powerful written word gives us power. John writes in his first epistle that the Word is so essential: "For whatsoever is born of God overcometh the world: and this is the victory that overcometh the world, even our faith" (5:4). Faith in the Word is so meaningful to a victorious life, which then speaks of our essential attendance to Scripture. "Faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God" (Romans 10:17). "Who is he that overcometh the world, but he that believeth ... " (5:5). A day by day continuance in believing faith brings overcoming power, all from the Christ of His Word. Rejoice, oh Christian, "ye are of God ... and have overcome ... because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world" (4:4). In spite of the fact that "in the world ye shall have tribulation ... be of good cheer," because you have the Overcomer living in your soul. Yes Jesus says that you can have His peace and cheer because you have HIM. The believer does not have to live as a victim & prey to a fallen world, that can lead to a negative attitude. To the contrary, God does not want us to live that way. That is why His Word comes to us, giving us His spiritual, positive, and overcoming mindset. When we journey through this troubled world, we walk on with His presence within us & with His overcoming Spirit upon us. With the overcoming power of His presence, we can override tribulation, because He is "over all" (Ephesians 1:22), and gives us His peace & cheer to fill our hearts. It is all a matter of spiritual demographics: "where we live!" The apostle Paul tells us that "in him we live" (Acts 17:28). Today, claim those essential words of our Lord, written to you: "peace & cheer" all given to you through abiding in the OVERCOMER.
