---
layout:     post
title:      The Master Builder of our Faith
date:       2018-3-20 00:30:00
author:     "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's an honest request, a Scriptural one at that: "And the apostles said unto the Lord, increase our faith" (Luke 17:5).  We can all identify with the disciples of old in our desire to have our faith increased.  The reason: life has too many challenges, and our holding on to a status quo faith will only lead to defeat - daily.  Faith increased is all about joyful victory as we live for our Lord in our Christian faith-walk.  Victorious faith is all about the Word and the Author speaking His delightful Word to our hearts within.  During those precious moments when Jesus walked this earth, His disciples walked right along side of Him and desired being with Him, as He taught and preached words that were spiritual and full of life (John 6:63).  They bonded with the Author of their faith as they listen to the One worthy of their hearing.  As they followed the Master Teacher, digesting the power of His word, something life-changing was in progress.  They were becoming CHANGED MEN, men of faith built by the MASTER BUILDER OF FAITH. Jesus taught of inspiring faith, He strengthened their faltering faith, and spoke His Word to encourage them on in their growing (increasing) faith.   We too have a likened faith activity to pursue: namely "a faith building mission" as we in turn look to the Lord.  He still speaks His Word to His disciples of today, and His Word spoken is a most important faith builder.  The Lord desires His children to be built up in the hope of believing (Romans 15:13), and having your faith increased (2 Corinthians 10:15).  Hope (a confident expectancy regarding His Word) "keeps us going on" in our faith.  Our faith is founded on the Word of God, and that same faith is furthered on - with His Word.  "Keeping the faith" is all about being in the Word, remembering that "faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the word of God" (Romans 10:17).  Your faith can be increased, remembering that the Word of God is true, trustworthy, and timely for all ages.  Oh, increase your faith with His Word, as Joshua encouraged God's people of old: "Know in your hearts and in all your souls, that not one thing hath failed of all the good things which the LORD your God spake concerning you; all are come to pass unto you,  and not one thing hath failed thereof" (Joshua 23:14).  Here then is our challenge: Since God has not, does not, and will not "fail thereof" with His word, and "all are come to pass," go with the Word, and grow with the Word.  Stick with MASTER BUILDER OF YOUR FAITH and "ye beloved, building up  yourselves on you most holy faith (in the Word)" (Jude 20). 
