---
layout: post
title: More than Conquerors!
date: 2019-01-28 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

In today's text there are real to life Biblical phrases that come to life, together in one verse. Here is the Living Word revealed: "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace, in the world ye shall have tribulation: but be of good cheer; I have overcome the world" (John 16:33). The Lord speaks peace to us with His Spirit through the Word as we live in a world infested with tribulation. Jesus says, through it all, as I have overcome it all, you can have my peace and cheer in spite of it all, because "Christ came, who is over all, God blessed for ever" (Romans 9:5). With that blessedness found in Christ, He shares the same blessed life with you - as we undergo tribulation. The believer does not have to live as a victim and prey to a fallen world around him and be soul-sickened from ungodly attitudes projected at him. Instead of identifying your life with the characterization of the ungodly input from a world tainted with evil, we identify with Him: "for in him we live, and move, and have our being" (Acts 17:28. Yes, "evil communications corrupt good manners" (I Corinthians 15:33), but with the Lord speaking to us with His Word through His Spirit, we do not have to allow the evil to communicate it's system in us. The Apostle Paul encourages us all with a "living in Him" mindset: "for me to live is Christ" (Philippians 1:21); therefore, "let this mind be in you, which was also in Christ Jesus" (2:5). We know who we are in Him, "rooted and built up in him, and stablished in the faith and abounding therein with thanksgiving" (Colossians 2:7). Living in the very Spirit of Christ qualifies us for victory in our daily challenges. Remember "ye are of God, little children, and have overcome them: because greater is he that is in you, than he that is in the world" (I John 4:4). As we abide in His overcoming Spirit, we understand more fully the victory that is our's: "we are more than conquerors through him that loved us" (Romans 8:37). Attitudes, actions, anger and arrows targeted by the Evil One, cannot penetrate the heart protected by the Victorious One. The dogs of evil may nip at the Achilles heel of our vulnerable areas of weakness, but can never take a devouring bite at the heart protected by the Overcomer. So "be of good cheer" and enjoy your peace in the "world (where) ye shall have tribulation" (v. 33).
