---
layout: post
title: What's Behind That Door?
date: 2019-10-29 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

"Can you hear me now?" Yes He can!  His reception comes in loud and clear, and a whole lot better than anything man-made.  His reception of our daily petitions with Him is not because of a good tower, but rather it's because of a Great Throne!  "Call unto me, and I will answer thee, and shew thee great and mighty things, which thou knowest not" (Jeremiah 33:3).  Need some answers from the Lord today?  God says, "I need some calling from you today!"  Any trouble brewing in your life lately, the crisis line is the Christ line, not the Christ-less line!  Any "anything" knocking on your heart's door, and you are afraid to answer?"  Knock on His, He opens it wide - to show you "great and mighty things" behind that door.  There are those special divine "knowest not" blessings on the other side of that door, & you won't experience them until you knock on that door, calling on Him from an obedient heart.  You see, for His door to be opened, He has the key for it to swing widely open.  Also, you can't turn the knob to open that door, only He can, & only if you turn to Him.  The only opening on your part is the opening your heart's door to Him, allowing Him access.  Oh, btw, He said that "I am the door" (John 10:1).  That's the first door we must all go through - a repentant heart with a solid belief salvation given only by our Savior, Jesus Christ, our Lord.  So, you call, He answers, He turns, He opens, you see it opening unto your very spiritual eyes & then, you get blessed.  Thanks Mr. Jeremiah for your inspired Scripture from God that encourages us to "CALL UNTO ME" and thank you Lord ahead of time for the answers that "shew thee great and mighty thing, which thou knowest not!"  Oh, dear child of God, make that call today, "ask" of Him, "seek" to find of Him, and "knock and it shall be opened you" (Matthew 7:7), for you to find out WHAT'S BEHIND THAT DOOR.   Oh, dear child of God, live in the blessings that are "great and mighty ... which thou knowest not."