---
layout: post
title: The Great Physician
date: 2019-10-15 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

Hurting today? Yes, pain is real, oh so real, oh so very real, and it is not limited to the body. From broken to unbroken; from wounded to healed is the Lord's directive from His Word. "He healeth the broken in heart, and bindeth up their wounds" (Psalm 147:3). We can rejoice in the Biblical truth of His "binding up" of our soul's discomforts. As sure as we feel the pain, we surely can experience His present & soothing work on our soul (our mind, will, & emotion) and spirit. The prophet Jeremiah assures God's people that we have a physician with the balm, not any balm, but His balm. "Is there no balm in Gilead, is there no physician there" (Jeremiah 8:22)?" His balm there spoken is the fragrant, healing, lemon scent-oil ointment that is the timely, heaven sent-oil designed for the hurt, bringing us back to health. Oh, a healthy soul, oh a joyful spirit, oh a divine healing from none other than the GREAT PHYSICIAN with His balm of oil. Not just any oil; we are graced with the anointing of His Holy Spirit that takes care of our soul's diseases. As He is Savior of your soul's salvation, He is also Sovereign over your soul's circumstances, especially when our inner man needs repair from our Creator God. He can do a marvelous work RECREATING the soul of man to enjoy His fulfilling fruitfulness in life (abundant life - John 10:10). The Lord knows exactly where to do His healing work, and when He does, He brings us back to health with His prescription of the balm of His oil. Oh, dear Christian, thank Him for the balm in Gilead. It doesn't matter what affliction is touching your soul, as long as He makes the final touches in your soul. Hurting today? How about a Doctor's visit today with the GREAT PHYSICIAN! Office hours: 24/7!
