---
layout: post
title: Come See
date: 2019-04-16 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Christ is risen indeed! Is it true? Absolutely, because He arose and is now alive, for the Word of God tells us so, and our hearts may now beat with His Spirit's cadence of life! "He is not here: for he is risen, as he said. Come, see ..." (Matthew 28:6). "Come see" is also the Christian's invitation to experience the resurrected life of our Lord, living His life anew. His resurrected life is now dwelling within and His new life can now be displayed without, as the believers testimony to the Lord's victory over sin and the grave. Death and the tomb could not conquer Christ, for He tore the bars away; likewise we are not shackled to the bars of sin and self. May "come see" be our voice of His resurrection, as we are risen to new life, identifying with Jesus, being and becoming more and more of the "new man" (Colossians 3:10) in Him. As we allow Him to live within, may resurrection heart portrayals from His new life be found in us, of Him, and then shine forth from our hearts with the beauty of His risen identity. "Come see" the beauty of His life, when the "old man" in us all has had a tomb experience with Jesus. "Come see" for the "old nature" does not want to be visible anymore. "Come see" for others to observe the Christian who would rather identify with Christ's death by dying to the old life, while living in Him (Romans 6:1-5). "Come see" my heart alive, for the new man is risen indeed, as He is risen indeed (Romans 6:11), as "alive unto God through Jesus Christ our Lord" (Romans 6:11). His Spirit's life, with resurrection power is our's, death to the old life and being alive with His life in the newness of divine grace. New life initiated by Him, and newness of life continues with Him under the Spirit's control. "Come see" that the believer is a "new creature (in Christ) old things are past away; behold, all things are become new" (2 Corinthians 5:17). A new creation in the Lord is now our's with His new power, new direction, and new passion for life, and a new desire to share that newness with others because of the newness of Christ living within! Jesus was "declared to be the Son of God with power ... by the resurrection from the dead" (Romans 1:4). Oh, dear Christian, declare it so with His Spirit's power in your relationship with the risen Lord. That divine power is now the believer's power to then declare to others, to those without Christ that still need to "come see" for themselves. Those who spoke those words of invitation of "come see" had the wonderful privilege of seeing because they did come, then after coming to the empty tomb, knowing that Jesus is alive, they could not keep the good news to themselves. "Come see" and here's our challenge: don't be silent about the resurrection, make the declaration of His resurrection powerful within our hearts, and then speak boldly with that same spiritual energy to others, for them to "come see!" The tomb is empty, and consequently your soul is not empty, rather it is now full, to rejoice, for our Savior is alive! The evidence: "I know He lives, because He lives within my heart."
