---
layout: post
title: Be Graced with Grace
date: 2019-11-04 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

"Grace to you" (Ephesians 1:2) are the words from "the God of all grace" (I Peter 5:10) who saved us by His grace (Ephesians. 2:8-9).  The Lord offers that same grace to us to fulfill our calling in life. "But by the grace of God I am what I am: and his grace which was bestowed upon me was not in vain; but I laboured more abundantly than they all: yet not I, but the grace of God which was with me" (1 Corinthians 15:10).  Since "I am" by the grace of God, that grace has changed the believer into who he is as a being spiritually alive, regenerated in Christ.  With that GRACE CHANGE, Paul said that he was able to labor more abundantly by the divine unction of the grace of God!  So, the grace that saves us is the grace that has power to change us.   When the Lord bestows His grace, it was never intended by God for His divine favor to be inactive.  Yes the believer does possess the grace of God, but it does not have to become dormant, there is a living, divine purpose of grace, for it was  "bestowed ... not in vain."  Grace that saves is grace that serves the One giving "grace to you'"(Ephesians 1:2).  Saving grace is indeed the active divine favor of God that has power to mold the man, and move the man to the wonderful purpose of glorifying God by serving Him!  Grace believed comes from grace bestowed, given to save and then to serve - the Master!  Grace that has been told you is grace that holds you in His hand, directing you to labor more abundantly for him, as the Apostle Paul declares, and exhorts us in Scripture.   Yes, grace now told to you, and then to be told by you in your gospel commission.  Grace upon the man means grace has entered into man!  Grace being in the man then allows grace to be coming from the the graced man, to labor more abundantly in the great news of redemption, all by the grace of God.  Grace has power to abound in our labor for our Lord, because the grace that God bestows is grace abundant, never in vain!  A graced life is never a vain life, never an empty life because of the One who dwells within, namely Jesus who is "full of grace and truth" (John 1:14).  Oh, dear child of God, now be filled with the truth of His Word of grace and may His "grace be unto you" (Philppians 1:2).  Now, as you obey Him, walking in obedience to the Word "the Lord will give grace and glory: no good thing will he with hold from them that walk uprightly" (Psalm 84:11).  Oh, be GRACED WITH GRACE.