---
layout: post
title: What House Will Ye Build Me?
date: 2019-03-12 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The most High dwelleth not in temples made with hands" (Acts 7:48). These were some very important last words of  Stephen, the first martyr of the early church.  Stephen was brought before the Jerusalem Council, and was on trial for his faith in Christ.  He spoke on the unbelief of Israel and their refusal to accept the prophetic message of "the coming of the Just One" (v. 52).  His message was all about Jesus Christ, the Savior, the sin bearer, the Just One who imputes His righteousness.  No need then for religious activity that doesn't change the hardened heart of man, conceding only to mere outward observance. There is another temple in which the Spirit desires to dwell (I Corinthians 6:19), in which there can be true worship ("in Spirit and in truth" John 4:24).  Stephen's sermon theme was exactly that, a spiritual message of which the religious ear could not, and would not hear. "Ye stiffnecked and uncircumcised in heart and EARS, ye do always resist the Holy Ghost" (v. 51).  Those words spoken by this man of faith, moment:s before his soul was translated to glory were inspired by the Holy Spirit Himself in whom he was dwelling.  Christ was dwelling in Stephen, and Stephen was dwelling in Him.  The prophetic message was clear to him when the Lord Himself asks the question, "what house will ye build me, saith the Lord" (v. 49).   Stephen gave answer to that question, as he provided his life, his house for the Lord in which to dwell.  Stephen was dwelling in him, in time, in life and now he is a breath away to enjoy an eternity of dwelling with Him.  In "earth time" seeing Jesus was his preoccupation, then an eternal moment came into view at the closing of his human pilgrimage. "Behold, I see heavens open, and the Son of man standing on the right hand of God" (v. 56). The "seated Jesus" (a visual of redemption's completion), who arises as the "standing Jesus" (the Redeemer's "welcome home" stance) is the One who asks you, "what house will ye build me?