---
layout: post
title: Spread the Fame of Him
date: 2019-01-21 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

It was the leprous man who prayed "saying, Lord, if thou wilt, thou canst make me clean" (Luke 5:12). Noticed with amazing interest is the record of one of the most immediate answers to prayer! Jesus did not hesitate to answer the prayer of this sincere man with a serious need. "He put forth his hand, and touched him, saying, I will: be thou clean" (v. 13). The blessing: "immediately the leprosy departed from him!" Here's another blessing: since leprosy is a Biblical picture of man's sin, could it be that this story has Holy Spirit inspiration by God's design, revealing to all mankind His loving heart, willing to save lost mankind. Jesus is ready, willing, and "able also to save them to the uttermost that come unto God by him" (Hebrew. 7:25) - immediately! This Biblical record by context, reveals that Jesus was on a gospel preaching mission in Galilee (Mark 1:39), and by all indication this leprous man also believed His salvation message on site. Having received his sins forgiven and the impact of what happened next demonstrates the power of the gospel message. As the Savior cleanses the soul, He also touches the heart of the newly redeemed. The gospel writer Luke tells us that there was no silence in the heart of this man's cleansing. When a man meets up with the Savior, Scripture tells us that the good news could not be self-contained: "so much the more went there a fame abroad of him, and great multitudes came together to hear" (v. 15). Here's our spiritual assignment, be so excited about what Jesus did with your leprosy (your sin), and spread that "fame" of the One who cleanses. Jesus is always ready to save, in an instant, when mankind calls "upon the name of the Lord" (Romans 10:13). As the disciples of old who witnessed this glorious event, be ready always to spread the excitement your salvation. "We cannot but speak the things which we have seen and heard" (Acts 4:20). Oh, spread the fame of Him.
