---
layout: post
title: Our Eyes Are Upon Thee!
date: 2019-02-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

One of the dilemmas of our "oh so human" limitations is "what do I do now, or what should I do?"  Been there?  At times when we would like to have things fall together, they just may seem to be falling apart.  Scripture to the rescue!  Enter the guidance from our God, based on His Word: "O our God ... neither know we what to do: but our eyes are upon thee" (2 Chronicles 20:12).  It's all about the eyes!  Question: where are you looking?  Better yet, to whom do you look?  You can tell a lot about a person, at times, when it comes to their eyes: their concerns, their plans, their priorities, their condition of soul, and even a glimpse of their character. "Lot lifted his eyes toward ... Sodom" (Genesis 13:10).  Daniel said, "I set my face unto the Lord God" (9:3).  A choice in the heart of man determines to where the eyes are focused.  Here's what we can do with those eyes of ours, they just might need a new directional view on LIFE, HIS.  Raise your sights high and heavenward. "If then ye be risen with Christ, seek those things above" (Colossians 3:1).   God says seek me, look to me - ABOVE!   We might not have a clue in ourselves, or of ourselves on what to do or what we should do, but the Lord has every puzzle piece in place, knowing the end from the beginning.   The preparation for the doing is in the seeing, and the seeing needs a heart for God!   "Our eyes are upon thee!"  The spiritual lesson from this verse is that the "thee" sees better than the "we!"  He sees you, knows you, and understands every bit of your humanity.  Oh, dear child of God, look to him and his Word, and you will glean the Lord's wisdom in what to do.  His name is "Counsellor, the mighty God" (Isaiah 9:6).  With your eyes on the Lord, God's Word gives direction: "Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel" (Psalm 73:24).  When our eyes are looking to him, decisions can be made with His mind in the matter, directions become clear by His will, and choices can be governed with God's Spirit of wisdom.  The matter before us is His will beginning with our submission to His Word and Holy Spirit,  Then our journey in life becomes clear, by Him guiding us graciously into the greatest purpose for our lives: namely, living out His divine will for us.  For your encouragement, here's a prayerful verse for our spiritual vision: "That the LORD thy God may shew us the way wherein we may walk, and the thing that we may do" (Jeremiah 42:3).  Fix your eyes on "the LORD (who) will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8).  You can't improve on perfect  - His perfect plan and His purpose for you is based on his Word, and guided by his Holy Spirit. 