---
layout: post
title: Made Unto Us
date: 2019-06-11 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

As the believer grows in the Lord, the Word of God becomes more and more precious and meaningful to the spiritually minded. As the Word of God is read, His Word is so powerful that it also reads us, telling us the need of hearts that are hungering after Him. Then, certain verses of Scripture find their treasured place in our hearts because "I have esteemed the words of his mouth more than my necessary food" (Job 23:12). So true are the words of our Lord: "It is written, that man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God" (Matthew 4:4). Here, then, is a verse from the Bread of Life, deemed most necessary, without which there would be only a desert of famine revealing the dryness of our hearts. "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is made unto us wisdom, and righteousness, sanctification, and redemption" (1 Corinthians 1:30). Please notice those two word combinations that bring a special spiritual significance to the believer, making all the difference in his daily walk with his Lord. "Of Him" and "Ye in" Him, which speak of our Christian life as being all about Him, being spiritually united with Him. The written Word is speaking of the Living Word (Jesus, the Word of Life - John 1:1 & 4) who gives us His Word powered life. "But of him are ye in Christ Jesus, who of God is MADE UNTO US" - He makes our faith more than a creed, it becomes a relationship with Him. No self-made Christians have their origin from the Lord; the Creator of all is the One who makes our new recreation in Him, namely, "Christ in you" (Colossians 1:27). He alone is "made unto us" through Holy Spirit regeneration. "OF HIM are YE IN Christ Jesus who is made unto us wisdom - to know God: "That I may know Him, and the power of his resurrection" (Philippians 3:10); we need that spiritual insight in our daily challenges. Let's not forget that His righteousness is made unto us in Christ: "that the righteousness of the law might be fufilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit" - the blessing of which is "to be spiritually minded (with) life and peace" (Romans 8:4 & 6). Then, where would we be without His sanctification that made unto us in Christ: "By the which will we are sanctified" (set apart in our standing - Hebrews 10:10), and with His Holy Spirit's purging power, we are "sanctified, and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work" (2 Timothy 2:21). With that powerful motivation, we have His will chosen in our hearts to dismiss our self-centered agenda, and "do those things that please him" (John 8:29). Let us also cherish the work of redemption that is made unto us in Christ, because of Him "in whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins" - yes, the sin question is settled with His answer to our iniquity on the cross (Colossians 1:14). No need to live our lives burdened with guilt and shame; He bore it all on the cross (Isaiah 53:4-6). So, dear child of God, your Christian life is all an eternal matter of His "making unto us" because of our relationship in Him, as being born-again into the family of God. God is not only the Maker of our salvation, but He is the One who makes our salvation work beautifully through His grace because He is "made unto us" everything regarding the most precious gift we have ever received, by the most precious Giver. Here's a Biblical phrase to carry with you throughout your day: "He is made unto us" all that we need in our Christian life and walk with Him. Enjoy that walk with the One who is MADE UNTO US all that we need for making it a great day to live for Him.
