---
layout: post
title: The Why of His Love!
date: 2019-08-26 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There is no greater news than the gospel "good news" of God "so loved" (John 3:16). "God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son that whosoever believeth in Him should not perish, but have everlasting life." Now, when it comes down to the most serious question of where will we spend eternity, isn't that the best news ever? Here's the additional good news of God's love, in that His love is eternal, and it continues with us all the way with our entrance into heaven, since we have believed. God so loved and continues so in that love every moment of everyday, loving YOU! When we are honest with ourselves concerning who are, in and of ourselves, we must pose that most inquisitive "why?" Why does He love me so? Scripture gives us the answer: it is found in Who He is, and not in who we are. "The LORD did not set his love upon you, nor choose you, because ye were more in number ... but because the LORD loved you" (Deuteronomy. 7:7-8). Let's break that verse down to its intended meaning: the plain & simple, yet profound answer to His love is this: He loves you because HE LOVES - YOU! A personal, intentional, divine love indeed, beyond our human comprehension. A love, His love that gives fulfillment in the hearts of those living as His own, in that supreme love "to be a special people unto himself" (v. 6). Maybe we still cannot understand the "why" of His love, but we can approach Him and give Him of the same love with which He gave us as He "so loved" us. We can now "walk in love, as Christ also has loved us" (Ephesians 5:2). True, on this side of glory, we still may not fathom the reason WHY of His love, but when we start walking with the ONE of that love, we start on the eternal path of enjoying the WHO of divine love. So, journey on in love, His love. The best thing that ever happened to you is God "so" loving you that He gave gave His Son on the cross to redeem you. Enjoy being the one of His family "special unto Himself" (v. 6) by walking with Him in that love. You, being loved, and being filled and fulfilled in HIS LIFE within because of that love! That, my friend is the best news ever that you take with you today.
