---
layout: post
title: The Showcase of Our Salvation
date: 2019-05-22 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

You may say: "I know the Book!" Great, it is good that you do, but may this question be addressed to us all, "Do you know the Author of the Book, the God of God's Word?" Scriptural knowledge is very important, but more so is the essential, spiritually inclusive heart knowledge: "That I may know him" (Philippians 3:10). Our Christian life is all about Him, knowing Him. God's love via the cross brings us a salvation so wonderful, and the day of your salvation was the beginning point for a close walk with the Lord, enjoying the spiritual fellowship of "knowing the Lord." Here's a simple, but profound truth: Salvation is more than being saved. As Jesus prayed to the Father, so can we: "Thy kingdom come, Thy will be done on earth, as it is in heaven" (Matthew 6:10). Heaven's kingdom rule in the heart of man is a wonderful experience: "The kingdom of God is ... peace and joy in the Holy Ghost" (Romans 14:17). When Jesus pardoned man, that saved man entered the kingdom of God all on the basis of a love sought, blood bought, and a grace wrought salvation, God never intended His love, peace and joy to cease at that moment of redemption. Rather, that same fruit coming from the love of God becomes our Christian life-style. Our love for God with the experience of Holy Spirit fruitfulness can be gloriously manifested by each of us living out His new life within (the fruit of the Spirit of love - Galatians 5:22). Is that life possible? More than possible, more than probable, that life is powerful, because that life is IN CHRIST. "Therefore if any man be IN Christ, he is a new creature; old things are passed away; behold all things are become (becoming) new" (II Corinthians 5:17). The "new man" (Colossians 3:10) in Christ is now in possession of His divine nature, fortified by grace, backed up with God given power for "life and godliness" (II Peter 1:3-4). God's love targeted the heart of man, opened his sin stained, stubborn heart, all for the purpose of His precious blood to give a cleansing for HIS new life within, gifted with a new heart. You just can't tack that life on, your need is to take Him IN. Our response: with the same love that brought you to Him, now "walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us" (Ephesians 5:2). Yes, Jesus "commendeth (showed) his love toward us" (Romans 5:8), and we can show (commend) love back to Him. "If any man love God, the same is known of him" (1 Corinthians 8:3). Once again, we all may say: "I know the Book!" Great! Now with the spiritual insight from heart knowledge given by the Author of the Book (His Holy Spirit) to know Him, we are challenged to "SHOW HIM" SO. "Knowing Him" & "being known of Him" and showing it so, is by loving Him and living in Him. Here then, is the Christian showcase that God wants on display for His glory which delivers a loving, living-growth in the body of Christ. Would we want our local fellowship to be likened to any other? Really, what exactly is our purpose of life lived on this earth? It is more than being "churched"- coming and going for "our own" knowledge about the Bible. The Christian life is more than just a fulfillment of a self-imposed sense of religious duty, it is finding fulfillment with joy and life abiding in Him. God's redemptive life within us promotes more than a sluggish coming and going without any evidence of His life within. It is all about the grand and glorious purpose of His body in particular: getting to "know Him, and the power of His resurrection" (His life within) ... and the fellowship of life - with Him and with our church family - all on display (Philippians 3:10). Knowing Him, showing Him, and sharing Him is the SHOWCASE OF OUR SALVATION.
