---
layout: post
title: Who Is Your Teacher?
date: 2019-07-16 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

With the pen of Holy Spirit inspiration, love is described as a most powerful word in the fellowship of believers: "As touching brotherly love ye need not that I should write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another" (1 Thessalonians 4:9). The Word of God reveals to us that no power of persuasion from man is needed when the Lord is the Teacher of love's scrip upon the heart! The Word presents the power of love: Biblical, spiritual, and so essential in the fellowship of God's people. From this text we understand that the Lord is our Teacher on the most important lesson of the Christian life - LOVE. As we sit at the feet of Jesus in His classroom of discipleship on love, we see that: 1) His teaching on love targets our hearts, and is a lesson that is so powerful, penetrating that most precious place, the teachable place, the inner man (v. 9). 2) God's love can be spiritually active only in a believer's life, whereas, a mere professor does not possess love, does not have the capacity to love, and consequently does not want to love. When God's love dwells in a true believer, it does not stand alone, it is directed TOWARD another's believer's life. God teaches us so: "Indeed, ye do it toward all the brethren" (v. 10), and then, the fellowship can be governed by His Spirit. 3) God's love, when expressed from the true believer's heart, he becomes a living epistle (2 Corinthians 3:2), no longer being a dead, self-controlled natural man (Ephesians 2:1, I Corinthians 2:14), he is now growing in fellowship in Him: "Ye increase more and more;" that's being spiritually mindful, and Spirit empowered (v. 10). The "indeed ye do it" exhortation tells us that the love from God coming TO us, can come actively FROM us. God's love coming to believing mankind, can then reach out to another's heart as God intended. God's love in our hearts is the energizing, powerful spiritual fruit gathered only from an abiding relationship with Him. We do not manufacture the fruit, we simply abide in Him: "I am the vine, ye are the branches, he that abideth in me and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit" (John 15:5). Then comes His love, being shared in the fellowship of believers, being so essential, for without God's love there is no active Spirit-filled local assembly, only a dead church. Oh, dear child of God, when it comes to loving your brother in your fellowship, remember, it all begins with a genuine salvation experience, possessing His spiritual life, abiding in His Spirit for fruitful love to be received and then given to your brother. It is all about our fellowship with the One who loves you, and is sharing His abiding love with you (John 15:4), and then, and then only He can love through you. Then comes the testimony of God's love in us: "by this shall all men know that ye are my disciples, if ye have love one to another" (John 15:12). It is all about His love, being taught by Him. Question: Who is your teacher about love in your fellowship?
