---
layout: post
title: Unspeakable
date: 2019-05-14 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Salvation, what a wonderful gift, all by grace through faith (Ephesians 2:8-9). Yes, so wonderful, because God "SO loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son" as His sacrificial gift to us (John 3:16). So wonderful that Scripture tells us that salvation is God's "unspeakable gift" (2 Corinthians 9:15). So wonderful that words spoken from the human heart cannot adequately describe His gift of salvation. So wonderful that the Word of God speaks of that gift as based on His covenant of mercy (Romans 11:27). In that same context, His Word reminds us of how freely He gives. He gives to us because of Who He is, initiated from the love of the Giver, and not based on who we are, the ones receiving His undeserved gift. Neither is His gift contingent upon what we could possibly offer Him. "Who hath first given to him" (v. 35). Of course, the answer is no one, because His giving is all about Him: "of him, and through him, and to him" (v. 36). Because of Him "are all things" - the gift, the giving, and the receiving. Our response to this "so wonderful salvation" is that we may now glorify Him as we honor the Giver: "to him be glory forever." So, to Him we give glory, with an appreciative response seen in the immediate context. God's Word is beseeching us "by the mercies of God" to "present your bodies a living sacrifice" unto Him (Romans 12:1). We now can be giving back to Him our surrendered lives, all based on His mercies. We are challenged to offer to Him our all, prompted by His "unspeakable gift" (2 Corinthians 9:15). Our "living giving" is a spiritual challenge to us all, all because of His "dying giving!" Yes, salvation is SO WONDERFUL that we do not have the words of our own to describe His unspeakable gift, but we can speak forth the glory of His gift with a surrendered life unto Him. "Of Him, and through Him, and to Him" (v. 36) is what prompts our glorious response to the Giver of the gift of your salvation.
