---
layout: post
title: The Gospel in 20/20 Vision
date: 2019-07-02 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Salvation is a most important doctrine of the Bible; the Lord gave His life on the cross to secure eternal life for you, as well as giving us the Word of God to show us the way to heaven. Here's a verse that is descriptive of the true Gospel in its presentation. Jesus commissioned Paul with this solid message: "To open their eyes, and to turn them from darkness to light, and from the power of Satan unto God, that they may receive forgiveness of sins, and inheritance among them which are sanctified by faith that is in me" (Acts 26:18). As seen in this verse, there is a turning from sin that there may be forgiveness of sins by faith that is in Jesus, the Savior. As there are two sides to one coin, the two sides of one true Gospel are repentance & faith. Both are the the gifts of God, granted by the drawing power of the Lord (John 6:44), to which the believer submits in calling on the Lord to be saved (Romans 10:13). When the true gospel is presented, the Word of God has power in bringing a genuine conversion; however, there needs to be a hearing, a turning from sin, a belief of faith in Jesus Christ as Savior, all granted by the working within the heart by the power of His Holy Spirit: "When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, then hath God also to the Gentiles granted repentance unto life" (Acts 11:16). A genuine salvation is based on the truth of the Word, to which the Holy Spirit attends in bringing the born again experience (born of the Spirit - John 3:6) to the sinner being saved by grace, not by works (Ephesians 2:8-9). Paul, in his gospel presentation, kept back nothing that was profitable" - he had an Acts 20/20 vision of the gospel which included "repentance toward God, and faith toward our Lord Jesus Christ." "Profitable?" Most certainly, we must be Word inclusive regarding the gospel message, for salvation is all about the Word, "being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth for ever" (I Peter 1:23). When the gospel is presented, and received, as God intended with the truthfulness of the Word, there is forgiveness of sins and an inheritance among them that are sanctified by faith (Acts 26:18). As the true gospel message has commission clarity from the Word of God, the Lord also makes clear the messenger's mission: "Arise, stand upon thy feet: for I have appeared unto thee ... to make thee a minister and a witness" (Acts 26:16). Now with the salvation message based on the Word in its presentation, how about the clarity of: "Now I send thee" (v. 17) with an Acts 20/20 vision.
