---
layout: post
title: The Access Door to Grace
date: 2019-02-12 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Grace, what a beautiful word authored by Holy Spirit Inspiration. God's grace has been extended as a gift at salvation (Ephesians 2:8-9), and enjoyed continually in the life of the believer as He matures in the image of Christ "full of grace and truth" (John 1:14).  The believer, who "being justified by faith through our Lord Jesus Christ" (Romans 5:1) has an extended graceful invitation from his Lord.  With access to the throne room of grace now being opened to us, we can now come to Him boldly (Hebrews 4:16), through the door of faith.  "By whom we have access by faith into this grace" (v. 2).  Let us all then take that walk through Scripture and appreciate anew the Biblical context of grace, by visualizing that divine door as it swings open wide to us.  Upon our grace-filled entry, as seen in verse two, we securely "stand" there in grace, being in awe of His grace, inspiring us to then "rejoice" gloriously as we take in His grace-filled presence.  Then, as we are looking unto Jesus, the Author and Finisher of our faith (Hebrews 12:2), we step closer to His presence as He is seated there, enthroned majestically.  Yes, "the LORD reigneth; He is clothed with majesty; the LORD is clothed with strength (Psalm 93:1).  In His glorious position, He extends His nailed scared hand with the offer of "grace to help in time of need" (Hebrews 4:16).  We then move forward, closer to the heart of the One greeting us with the His hope secure (Romans 5:4-5).  Our heart is then filled with His hope, giving us "joy and peace in believing, that ye may abound in hope, through the power of the Holy Ghost" (Romans 15:13).  "The God of hope" (v. 13), is now filling us with the confident expectancy (hope) of all things needed in a life complete in Him, to live for Him, by grace given by Him, with hope assured by Him.  That graced-fill hope now brilliantly brings to light the "glory" of it all (v. 2), offering us a new perspective on our life's view of "tribulation."   With trials and troubles now accepted in our lives by God's design, we are learning of new found "patience" (v. 4) from our Holy Spirit-filled walk in grace.  The "experience" (v. 4) of it all greets us with the reason why God is gracefully doing what He is doing:  Through God's love "Christ is being formed in you" (Galatians 4:19).  In that divine plan of our growth in grace: "He must increase, and I must decrease" (John 3:30).  All assisting that growth process is  "the love of God (that) is shed (poured) abroad in our hearts by the Holy Spirit which is given unto us (v. 5).  Oh, dear child of God, with these Scriptural incentives of encouragement to become more like Him, we can now journey on in our walk of faith, daily with Him.  Grace begins every moment of everyday as we walk through the access door of faith "into His grace wherein we stand."  