---
layout: post
title: Gospel Grace
date: 2019-04-30 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The very first words of a Biblical epistle, at many times, give revealing insight concerning both the writer's person and purpose of the letter.  So it is of "Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel of God ... by whom we have received grace" (God's divine favor - Romans 1:1- ff).  As certain as the theme of "gospel grace" reveals itself in the written word, it embodies itself in the person of the one chosen to write down God's inspired word.  Paul's calling in the grace of God characterized him as who he was, a partaker of God's favor: grace defined him as a "servant" (minister of grace), an "apostle" (one sent because of grace), and "separated unto the gospel" (set apart by grace).   He then challenges the believers with the same purpose-filled life to be lived in the grace-favor of God: "By whom we  have received grace and apostleship for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name.  Among whom are YE also called of Jesus Christ" (vs. 5-6).  As believers we do not have an apostolic calling, but we do possess a grace-call, "called of Jesus Christ."  The Word is identifying both the writer, together with the reader as serving by grace, sent with the saving message by grace , and separated, set apart by grace unto the gospel.  The grace identity that Paul possessed and practiced is offered to us all.  What a calling in life, what a life that can be lived, what a grace-filled challenge that offers a life so fulfilling, that it is a life second to none.  When it comes to living in God's favor, all because of the power of gospel grace, there is no life that can top that.  Grace makes it so, because it is a personal life blessed, favored by God.  A life so favor-filled that we dare not keep it to ourselves!  We can now share the grace that God's gospel is granting to us, because gospel grace was accepted by us: "for by grace are ye saved" (Ephesians 2:8).   May God's grace define you as a servant, sent, and set apart unto Gospel Grace, to be shared with others, because you now possess His favor.  By the way, you cannot share something you do not possess.  God offers Gospel Grace to you today.  Then, when grace has penetrated your new-born soul, you will know that you have been favored with HIS graced life within, given to you by God, and you will not be able to keep it to yourself.  If you haven't yet, start living your life with Gospel Grace, living in Christ "full of grace" (John 1:14), as He lived "in favor of God and man" (Luke 2:52). 