---
layout: post
title: Joined Unto the Lord
date: 2019-03-19 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here are some encouraging thoughts coming from God's inspired Word, designed for the born again believer. We must remember that God is not a distant deity, but is our loving Lord, dwelling personally within us (I Corinthians 6:19). That dwelling is an union with Him: "he that is joined unto the Lord is one spirit" (I Corinthians 6:17). In that spiritual oneness with us, what He is in person, He communicates to us with the presence of who He is. For instance, we are one in the Spirit of His blessedness and His encouragement: "Blessed be God ... the God of all comfort" (2 Corinthians 1:3). The Apostle Paul tells us that the Lord encourages us in "all our tribulation" (v. 4). We are united in His Spirit of blessedness, joined with His Spirit of encouragement taking care of it all: all discouragement that comes to our fragile hearts, all things dealing with loss, all relationships that seem unmanageable, all sickness that only the Lord can take care of, all "daily bread" that only He can give in all its inclusiveness concerning our need, and all .... He not only reveals Himself in His presence as Comforter, but also gives us the power of encouragement to handle the "all" in our lives. As we live "joined unto the Lord (in) one Spirit" (I Corinthians 6:17), He is the One encouraging us to go on in this journey called life. As we are walking in the Spirit (Galatians 5:16) with our Lord, we realize the beauty of it all in our born-again relationship with Him. We don't go it alone, we go forward with the One joined with us, all in the power of the Spirit of the Living God. We then can give back to God and His family, living in the same Spirit of oneness, living in His praise & worship, all for His glory. When we exercise that spiritual oneness with Him, we experience the Spirit's power coming from that spiritual union. That blessed spiritual oneness is an encouragement to grow to maturity's fruition in Him (being "conformed to the image of His Son" {Romans 8:29}). Therein rests the blessedness of the Blessed! Therein dwells the encouragement of the Encourager. We can live there in that blessed oneness and love it there in that spiritual realm of life. Isn't that what Christianity is all about: "Christ in One." Oh dear child of God, enjoy that spiritual oneness with Him, learn more of Him as we take in life's journey with Him, in the power of the Spirit and His Word! "We shall live WITH (joined) Him by the power of God" (2 Corinthians 13:4). Life is encouraging when we are JOINED UNTO THE LORD IN ONE SPIRIT.
