---
layout: post
title: It's Time to Sing a Psalm
date: 2019-09-17 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

Here's an old familiar saying backed up with the wisdom of the ages: "There's a time & place for everything!" Sounds like the ingredients for many interesting opportunities that life may offer. Then, there are those seemingly inopportune times in life when you find yourself in a place outside of your comfort zone. Yes, there are those hurtful situations and undesirable circumstances that knock on our heart's door that interrupt our daily routine in life. Trouble, difficulty, challenges are "day changers" that come to us all, and sometimes leave us perplexed, rattled, and even weakened. Question: Is anyone, including ME, immune to the crushing blows in life? Of course not, even the Psalmist Asaph had to cry unto the Lord, "My flesh and my heat faileth, but God is the strength of my heart" (Psalm 73:26). In his difficulty, it was this Psalm (song) that he sang unto his Lord; Asaph had a joyful heart even in his heart-failing moments. As God would have it in His Word, He knew all about the challenges of His dear children. So, go forward with a Psalm and here's His counsel to help us all with both the time & place concerning our heart challenges. "When my heart is overwhelmed: lead me to the rock that is higher than I" (Psalm 61:2). Translation please! The time: when the inner man is broken & turned aside, ready to faint. The place: God brings you to boulder stability, by setting you up in that lifted & lofty triumphant station of life. The "Rock" (v. 2) is the proper name of deity & is used figuratively here of strength, represented in God's support for His people. We are talking about more than a support system, He is the rock solid support PERSON. When your heart is "grieved" (Psalm 73:21), when your heart needs "counsel" (v. 24), and when your heart "faileth" (v. 26), sing the Psalm with the words: "it is good for me to draw near to God" (v. 28). Remember "God is the strength of my heart, and my portion for ever" ( v. 26). The Lord gives us His solid rock leadership that sustains our weakened heart & powerfully sets us up, far away from our overwhelming places, being lifted in heart to HIM. Through it all, remember you don't go it alone, because His Word tells us: "nevertheless I am continually with thee: thou has holden me by my right hand" (v. 23). Wherever life has taken you today, make time, take time, make it your time to sing a Psalm.
