---
layout: post
title: The Grace Pursuit
date: 2019-08-13 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

God has gifted His grace to us at the moment of our salvation (Ephesians 2:8-9), and He desires for that grace to continue as we are His workmanship (as believers in symphony with Him) created in Christ Jesus" (v. 10). The Lord desires that His grace be gifted to us daily as we live in Him and for Him "according to the effectual working of his power," spiritually fueled with His divine favor (Ephesians 3:7). In context, a prayer is then made for the believers, which is also our prized and coveted request to our Lord: "For this cause (grace), that he would grant you ... to be strengthened with might by his Spirit in the inner man that Christ may dwell (abide and live there) in your hearts by faith" (vs 14-17). We cannot demonstrate (and God cannot to us), the "grace-filled God-life" until God dwells (living freely within), and He cannot dwell with His Spirit's power in demonstrating that grace given life until we first desire the effectual working of His grace-power. Then, with that grace empowered life of Christ within, as believers dwelling in God, that grace aspiration is key in becoming more like Him, thereby laying claim to the successful Christian life. That course of spiritual action never leads to failure, because your Christianity is all about His graced life within: "I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me" (Galatians 2:20). Being a grace-filled and Christ-indwelt believer can be the greatest individual success story of your Christian life as the Holy Spirit writes that most excellent spiritual pursuit on your heart. So the Lord, with His inspiration of Scripture writes to you this message today, and everyday: "Grace be to you" (Ephesians 1:2).
