---
layout: post
title: Christmas Light
date: 2019-12-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a Christmas tragedy, that did not need to happen: "He came unto his own, and his own received him not" (John 1:11). Imagine that, His own chosen people, Israel of whom He loved, rejecting the prophesied Christ (Micah 5:2) who came to be their Savior (Isaiah 53). Why the travesty of no fitting heart reception of the "Word (who) was made flesh" (John 1:14)? After all, He "dwelt among us and we beheld his glory, the glory of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth" (v. 14). The answer to the why question is found in the WHO. Exactly who was this glorious, grace-filled, truthful Christ who came into this sinful, darkened by sin world? Jesus came rejected as the "Light of the world" (John 9:5) all on the account of "men loved darkness rather than light because their deeds were evil" (John 3:19). Let us consider the grand subject of light regarding the birth of Christ, and His light in all its brilliance at His coming: "In him was life: and the life was the light of men. And the light shineth in darkness; and the darkness comprehended it not (could not apprehend it, or put it out)" (John 1:4-5). More on the subject of light: in the natural world light and life are inseparable. There can be no life without the existence of light. In the book of Genesis light appeared before any and all created life could thrive (1:4). Without God's light the world was "without form and void" (v. 2), only cold, dark, and deadened. When God said "let there be light" (v. 4), life took its miraculous growing step forward. Oh, there is nothing more life-giving than light. Then, there is nothing as pure, penetrating, and powerful as light. Whenever light emits its distinctive luminary essence, nothing can defile it, leaving it untouched by any dirt, defilement, or darkness. Light only reveals what was once hid without light's exposure. So it is in the spiritual world, the Light of the world is Jesus in all His purity, untouched by sin, coming rather to expose it, and to then take care of it, then shedding light on His redemptive role. Concerning the LIGHT, "in him was life" (v. 4). True, eternal life comes to the repentant sinner once lost in darkness, all because of his exposure to the Light and His redemption, but also, the LIGHT is the life of saved mankind (inseparable). LIFE comes to "light receptive" Christians: "if we walk in the light as he is in the light" (I John 1:7), we can enjoy His life's fellowship. His light brings us fulfillment with His life lived within (John 1:4) which is defined as His abundant life (John 10:10). As the light leads the lost out of darkness, that same light is pointing them to the Christ of the cross. His light then leads us to life so promising found in the resurrected, living Christ. Jesus was born to die that we might live, as we die to self and live unto Him (Galatians 2:20). There can be no real meaningful life without His light; the light of God's Word tells us so (Genesis 1). Oh, dear child of God, be light sensitive: allow His light to shine deep within your heart to expose anything, and everything that keeps you from His life giving power. "In him was life: and the life was the light of men" (John 1:4). You will enjoy a MERRY CHRISTMAS as you bring in His light to then live out His life -in a most merry way.
