---
layout: post
title: Resurrection Day Continues
date: 2019-04-22 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here is a question for each one of us, "How long does the day that we call Easter last?" Here is the answer: that grand and glorious Resurrection day of our Lord continues every day in life for the believer, because the risen Lord is He "that liveth for ever and ever" (Revelation 5:14). As we consider the ever living Christ, many are the exhortations for our faith to follow, all based on the Word of God. Before us is a rather unique verse with resurrection implications, in which the Word of the Lord presents for faith's enrichment: "Even God, which quickeneth the dead, and calleth those things that be not as though they were" (Romans 4:17). The word dead in that passage of Scripture speaks of "absolutely no life at all." We need to look to the life of Christ, and allow His Spirit to bring that life home to our soul, so that we are not destitute of having "no life at all." Interestingly, when it comes to the our Lord who was "declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the Spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead" (Romans 1:4), He is the One making us alive (quickens us) on the basis of the same power demonstrated and declared at His resurrection. Here is the blessing for each one of us: We are quickened-alive in Him as believers, possessing the living power of the living Christ that can dominate our spirit and soul (mind, will, emotion - imagine that, being alive in Christ in every area of your soul). Our lives are not the same when we live in the Spirit of the resurrected Christ, even though there is "death that worketh in us" (2 Corinthians 4:12). As we go through that distressing experience, there is a greater, supreme power available, namely His power filled "LIFE (that worketh) in you" defeating and rising above that death experience (v. 12). The risen Christ is the One who "calleth those things which be not (no life at all) as though they were" (Romans 4:17). No longer is the Christian destitute, caught in a death trap of a deadened, darkened, and defeated soul, bound by the effects of his fallen nature. His newness has arrived, an open door to life and light (John 1:4) in the soul has come, just as light had shined gloriously into His tomb when the stone had been miraculously rolled away (not to allow the Lord an exit, but to show that He no longer was held in death's tomb). There is new life, the believer no longer has his soul held in the bondage of sin and self; new life is all about the Lord who unshackles our lives once bound by sin. Our Redeemer, is the One who is lovingly and powerfully taking care of the needs of our tainted, sin-sick soul by making that life "resurrection new." It was David who joyfully said, "the LORD liveth, that hath redeemed my soul out of ALL distress" (I Kings 1:29). The Lord liveth and takes care of our distresses (death sentences within: vexations, troubles, difficulties) affecting our inward man by raising us to the level of the new man, joyfully living in Christ, Himself. The Lord is the One who calleth (Romans 4:17 "giveth a name to) the things that do not yet exist (a liveliness in soul where there once was deadness). There is now a joyful experience of the resurrected life, with all the fruits of His new life (the fullness of His Spirit - Galatians 5:22-23). God brings things of LIFE to pass, and as the context indicates, we have hope of His blessing as we exercise faith alive in Him, even when the outlook seems deadening at times, as in the life of Abraham. As God's word encourages, that there is life, when at one point in time, there was no prospect of life and no hope. "Which against hope believed in hope" (Romans 4:18). We can be "fully persuaded that what he hath promised (life in our soul) he was able also to perform" (v. 21). Resurrection day is everyday because He lives within our hearts.
