---
layout: post
title: The Church of the Living God
date: 2019-02-25 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Lord has a gathering place for his redeemed, all designed & built with the framework of His spiritual precedent: "In whom ye also are builded together for a habitation of God through the Spirit" (Ephesians 2:22). The apostle Paul tells us that the "house of God ... is the church of the living God, the pillar and ground of truth" (I Timothy 3:15). God dwells in each truly born-again believer; his body is "the temple of the Holy Spirit which is in you" (I Corinthians 6:19). The church has an alive fellowship when each believer submits to the Holy Spirit of the "living God" and his living Word (read, preached and taught). We cherish the words of our Lord: "It is the Spirit that quickeneth; the flesh profiteth nothing; the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, an they are life" (John 6:63). "God is Spirit, and they that worship him must worship him in Spirit and in truth" (John 4:24). When each believer comes with his "individual temple of God worship" - having his spirit surrendered unto the Lord's Spirit, the designation of "the church of the living God" (I Timothy 3:15) takes on it's intended significance. The Lord desires His house, living with spiritual worship in truth, to be a spiritual environment for the unsaved to get to know the living God, and the spiritually alive to go there and grow there. What a compelling incentive: to be present at the fellowship to which God has called you. "Let us consider one another ... not forsaking the assembling of ourselves together" (Hebrews 10:24-25). A Biblical directive in Hebrews to be faithful in the believer's assembly to which he is called, all by grace. When the decision is made to be faithful, joy is the by product in His Spirit: "I was glad when they said unto me let us go into the house of the LORD" (Psalm 122:1). The Psalmist said it well, and still says it well: "LORD, I have loved the habitation of thy house, and the place where thine honour dwelleth" (Psalm 26:8). It's all spiritual, it's all honorable, it's all about woshipping our Lord. It's God's definitive Word of admonition for true believers; then, when obeyed, the church becomes the living, spiritual, growing in fellowship where God evidences His glorious presence. Without which, "Ye worship, ye know not what" (John 4:22). With spiritual worship, His honor will be dwelling there, and the honorable in His Spirit will be longing to be there, all in the love of God, and for the love of God and his Word. It was David who said, "I have set my affection toward the house of my God" ( I Chronicles 29:2). That dear child of God, is our spiritual assignment: to "set with affection" our hearts toward the house of our Lord. David loved the house of God, that habitable, spiritual place. We can claim the Psalmist's desire as well. See you in "the church of the living God" where we are "builded together for a habitation of God through the Spirit" (Ephesians 2:22). We can be built together - when we come together to worship Him on the Lord's day. "Except the LORD build the house, they labour in vain that build it" (Psalm 127:1).
