---
layout: post
title: But We See Jesus
date: 2019-07-30 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a verse that is a real "faith-builder," which we all need from our Lord, as gifted to us from the Word and delivered through the power of His Holy Spirit. "But we see Jesus" (Hebrews 2:9). Here are two words with a most meaningful message "Seeing Jesus!" What a spiritual focus for our walk with our Lord: Seeing Him. Our looking to our Lord is all pictured for us in the context of which He is portrayed. As the visage of Who He is becomes Scripture clear to us, our "seeing Jesus" will then be in the cross-hairs of faith. The aim of the spiritually concerned is: "I will put my trust in Him" (v 13), and when I do, I will have my sights on Him. Trust and faith will help keep our eyes off the many distractions that impede our spiritual mission and growth. Yes, distractions will come, "but we see Jesus." Yes, distractions: They are real, they are powerful, they do come with their sights on the believer, they are arrows of darkness flying toward us with their deadly aim to awaken and then target our attention, coming with the temptation for us to look away from the One who deserves our utmost attentive devotion. Distractions: Living in a world that knows not our Lord, rubbing shoulders with those who only profess Christ, the temptation of losing heart as we try to be an example to those who have "left their first love" (Revelation 2:4) - loving self-will rather than Jesus (His person, His work, His glory), and the list goes on. When our decision-maker has its spiritual eyes wide open, firmly set on Him, there is only one response to the distractions trying to rob our attention: "But we see Jesus" (Hebrews 2:9). What then attracts our attention is "that (since He) by the grace of God should taste death for every man" (v. 9), then, we desire to keep our eyes on Him. As born again believers, we know exactly what He has done for us. If He did that for me as a lost sinner bound for hell, then there is no distraction worthy enough and powerful enough to give us obstructed vision as born-again believers. The eye opener reason: "once I was blind, but now I see" (John 9:25). We are now "looking unto Jesus" (Hebrews 12:2). Here then are some helpful spiritual visual assists: 1) We "see Jesus" as "the Captain of salvation" (v. 10), we will fight the good fight of faith, and be faithful. 2) We "see Jesus" being "crowned with glory and honor" (v. 9), we will honor and serve Him for His glory. 3) We "see Jesus" "for it became him for whom are all things" (v. 10), that is our time (of Him), our talent (of Him), and treasure (of Him). May it "become us" in seeing Jesus!
