---
layout: post
title: The Attraction of His Life
date: 2019-08-06 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Before us today is a title with a verse, and a message: "The Attraction of His Life." Jesus prayed the following prayer seen in John 17:21: "That they all may be one; as thou, Father, art in me, and I in thee, that they also may be one in us: that the world may believe that thou hast sent me." Here's the message: when our surrendered spirit unto the Lord is in a ONENESS with Him, then and there, that relationship becomes a wonderful attraction in the life of a believer. You are drawn to the heart of God by His Spirit through His Word, and that attraction becomes your testimony of which attracts others to our Lord. Let us look to this intercessory prayer of Jesus, which is regarded by many as the original "Lord's Prayer." In it is portrayed not only a "oneness" relationship of the Father with the Son, but also the oneness of "those which thou gavest me" (v. 6), as well as "those which shall believe on me through their word" (v. 20). Jesus is emphasizing an intimate oneness with Him, and that same oneness for all believers, to become united in the power of the Holy Spirit, and then experiencing oneness with another. Then, the Gospel is empowered with that attractive oneness of His Spirit: "that the world may believe that thou has sent me." Here's the message: those who do not yet know the Lord have an interesting perception; many are the ones yet to believe are on the "look out" for a people of God that are united in Spirit with Jesus. Then, when the Christian is reflecting the image of His Lord in the oneness of His Spirit, those observing real Christianity are attracted to the Christ that believers are portraying, invoking a decision in their coming to the Lord: "that the world may believe that thou has sent me." The attraction of your life is HIS LIFE, lived in you, and lived out from you. The blessing from our Lord's prayer (John 17) is that your life becomes an attraction for others to be introduced to the Savior, being won unto Him through the gospel, and then to be one in Spirit with Him in fellowship (v. 21). As we live in oneness with His Spirit, and then speak of Him concerning His glorious gospel, the oneness grows, all because of the attraction of His life. What a blessed fellowship, what a joy divine, and what an attraction of your life when we are attracted to the Spiritual oneness of His life.
