---
layout: post
title: Whom Jesus Loved
date: 2019-01-15 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The very first words of a letter addressed to someone, on occasion, give revealing insight concerning the writer's true identity. So it is of "Paul, a servant of Jesus Christ, called to be an apostle, separated unto the gospel" (Romans 1:1). The gospel written therein was none other than the good news of "grace ... for obedience to the faith" (v. 5). As certain as the theme of gospel grace reveals itself in the written word of this letter to the Romans, grace immediately embodies itself in the life of Paul as the one chosen by grace to write all about it. Grace as God's favor comes to man, and then is heralded by man-saved to man-lost with the good news of eternal salvation. As seen in the salutation of this epistle, Paul's calling in the gospel of grace characterized him as to who he was, a partaker of the same: gospel grace defined him as a servant of grace (a minister), an apostle of grace (one sent), & separated (devoted) because of grace. He then challenges the believers with the same calling: "By whom WE have received grace and apostleship, for obedience to the faith among all nations, for his name" (v. 5). The Word has thereby identified the writer together with the reader as the serving, sent, & as the separated one unto the gospel of grace. Paul speaks for us all with Holy Spirit inspiration, to be winning souls to Christ with the gospel of grace "for His name" (v. 5). What a calling in grace & what a grace-filled challenge to reach others with the "good news" of grace. Spread the good news: "Repent ye, and believe the gospel" - "for by grace are ye saved through faith" (Ephesians 2:8). The Lord desires to grace (favor) you with His presence, sending you "graced" as His servant, and being devoted by grace to spread the Word that Jesus saves. Grace can bring the gospel alive in our lives. Yes, dear Christian, it's all about the good news, because it's all about grace for all, His grace.
