---
layout: post
title: Faith's Prospect For a New Year
date: 2019-12-31 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a word to brighten your new year: PROSPECT from the Lord, all through a faith relationship with Him.  We can look forward with anticipation as to what glorious goodness the Lord has in store for us in the coming year, and it's all a matter of walking day by day with Him.  Let's look to Jacob as he looked to the Lord in anticipation of what He had for him in PROSPECT.   While walking by faith, the patriarch rested his unknown, future years on his all knowing, all supplying, providential LORD.  Here is the Word on which Jacob relied:  "God Almighty bless thee ... and give thee the blessing of Abraham" (Genesis 28:3).  In that context of Scripture the promise of watch care, guidance, safety, and provision are all inclusive in the blessing that we all need.  The promise of blessing that Lord gave to Abraham was also to Jacob, and actually to all who possess the faith of Abraham.  That's us, the blessing is for the New Testament believer as well.  Here's the promise in prospect: "In thee shall all the families of the earth be blessed" (Genesis 12:3).  Question: What exactly was the "in thee" provision (in Abraham) that denoted the blessing of God.  The answer: that one most important ingredient in obtaining God's blessing is Biblical faith (believing and acting on His Word).  With active faith, the prospect of your new year is this: we can have the best that God desires to give, and we can look forward to receiving His best during this coming year.  When it comes down to the blessing of God, His giving at His best did not stop at that Biblical moment during Jacob's timeline.  The Lord's blessing  was "to thee, and to thy seed with thee" (v. 4).  Once again, that's us, as we dwell in faith we also dwell in faith's expectancy from our Lord.  Active dwelling faith is always faith being blessed actively, looking for God's intervention of His goodness being passed along to our tomorrows.  Jacob wanted that, he needed that, he anticipated that, and his future prospect was only an anxious, fretful reality without that.  He needed God's providential hand on his life, and so do we.  In context, God's best came to Jacob, as He had a faith-dwelling in Bethel (Genesis 28:19 - the house of God, His dwelling place).  Concerning being blessed, it's all a matter of active, dwelling faith: "So then they which be of faith are blessed with faithful Abraham" (Galatians 3:9).  Don't miss out on the blessing in prospect this new year, coming to you from the Lord prized with blessing on His own.  So as you "keep the faith," He keeps you being blessed, so keep a look out for the blessing coming to you this year as we dwell well in Christ by faith.  In prospect, "If ye be Christ's, then are ye Abraham's seed, and heirs according to the promise (Galatians 3:29).  Be well at home with the One of promise; be finding yourself at one with the One indwelling you.  Allow the One to find you living by faith in the One who blesses as you find your place with Him, abiding in your Bethel.   Your Bethel?  Oh yes: "Ye are the temple of God, and the Spirit of God dwelleth in you" (I Corinthians 3:16).   "If ye abide (dwell) in me, and my words abide in you, ye shall ask what ye will, and it shall be done unto you" (John 15:7).  That, my friend is faith's prospect as you DWELL WELL with Him in this coming year.  Then, you can face all of your unknown tomorrows without an anxious heart this coming year, practicing restful faith in the One who knows all about your coming days with providential care.  Yes, He knows all, and blesses all who have FAITH'S PROSPECT FOR A NEW YEAR.