---
layout: post
title: Hungry?
date: 2019-09-03 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

"Hungry?" Here's a "what if" scenario: Consider the possibility of no sustaining life-giving food for the hungry anywhere; namely no food at all, none to be found at all; everyone is on the verge of starving. Perish the thought, and not the person. A famished life is targeted for certain death, missing a life once so promising. Here's the second "what if" scenario proposed by God Himself: "Behold, the days come, saith the Lord God, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but a HEARING of the words of the LORD" (Amos 8:10). Explanation please: many believe that we are living in the last days as prophesied by Amos. As prophesied, there is not necessarily a famine of the Word, but a dearth regarding the "hearing of the Word!" Simply said, with God's Word presented, the response is: "I don't want to hear it, don't want it preached, or taught!" Please consider this: an impoverished, famine stricken person would immediately reach out and grab a sandwich or gulp down a bowl of soup to satisfy his hunger. How about the soul of man impoverished with his need of spiritual food, but blinded by the darkness of indifference toward the Word? Jesus did say, "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeeth out of the mouth of God" (Matthew 4:4). So, no life for the one without a spiritual hearing. Oh, to be fed in a famished world that is neglecting the Word of God, and be "heart healthy" spiritually. Jeremiah speaks to that hungry soul: "Thy words were found and I did eat them; and thy word was unto me the joy and rejoicing of my heart" (15:16). Is there a Word "hungered satisfied" rejoicing in your heart? If not, why not ask the Lord to remove the famine of hearing the Word. Hungry? Maybe you are without Christ (the Living Word), then, why not come to Him with a repentant heart, and ask the "Bread of Life" (Jesus) to save your soul, and then feast on the Word of God. Jesus invites you to take your place at the supper table with Him - and "sup with Him" (Revelation 3:20). When you do, that place becomes a "rejoicing in the Word table" set for you! Let God take care of your hunger today. Come and feast with the One who has said "Come and dine" (John 21:12).
