---
layout: post
title: Must Needs Go
date: 2019-09-24 00:30:00
author: 'Pastor Dave Johnson'
---

We have before us a much needed verse based on the must needed ministry of our Lord: "He must needs go through Samaria" (John 4:4). Why Samaria? Why after departing from Judaea with His itinerary set for Galilee (v. 3) did Jesus take the out of the way route? When it comes down to the ministering mind of Christ, there was no misdirection at all, there was no "out of the way" for His day. The question may arise to those who are sold on the idea, "I need to get to where I am going ... NOW!" So, there had to have been a "why" in the spiritual reasoning of our Lord. As the story unfolds, it is soon apparent why Jesus chose His route through Samaria. As we view this historical story of the ministering Christ, let us now view the script of soul winning scene: "Jacob's well was there (&) there cometh a woman of Samaria to draw water: Jesus saith unto her, give me to drink" (v. 7). As this story had unfolded, we discovered the where: Samaria, then the why: He needed to reach out to a woman lost in sin. Also, we see the what that is offered to the woman: "If thou knewest the gift of God, thou wouldest have asked of him, and he would have given thee living water" (v. 10). The how of her need fulfillment is then addressed: "the water that I shall give him shall be in him a well of water springing up into everlasting life" (v. 14). That woman did drink of that water that day, all because of the "must needs go" ministry of our Lord. She later proclaimed, "Come see a man, which told me all things that I ever did: is not this the Christ" (v. 29). "Is not this the Christ" who takes the "out of the way" route in offering the lost His living water? Oh dear child of God, the message is clear: may we all possess a "must needs go" ministry, let us all share the faith and share His water, namely the gospel for those out of the way.
