---
layout: post
title: Whom Jesus Loved
date: 2019-01-08 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Now there was leaning on Jesus' bosom one of his disciples whom Jesus loved" (John 13:23).  Unique to the Gospel of John is this signature phrase of identification, as given by John under Holy Spirit inspiration.  Cherished are the reasons for that personal ascribed love as expressed by the "Apostle of love."   Cherished love finding its place in the heart of man desires to give a spiritual response to those words written of divine intimacy. Those words "whom Jesus love" do find their place in the lives of the Spirit-filled man because he realizes that he too is "one of the disciples whom Jesus loved."   Those words of love resonate powerfully within his heart, holding dear the love of the Lord.  John knew that Jesus loved him from His words spoken to him, His heart attitude toward him, His preaching, His teaching, His healing, and the ministry of love and salvation He offered to all mankind.  John had more than a glimpse of Jesus' love expressed, he magnified the love of God, and brought it near and dear to his heart.  John personalized the love that Jesus had for him, and he wrote the phrase "whom Jesus loved" emphatically (four times) throughout the Gospel (13:23, 20:2, 21:7, & 21:20).  Could the real reason for the emphasis of those chosen words from John's pen of Holy Spirit inspiration be that those words of love are meant for all of us.  "One ... whom Jesus loved" was written in John's Gospel for the "all whom Jesus loved!"  "For God so loved the world" (John 3:16). To experience that love dear child of God, walk in love and in discipleship obedience with Him.  "He that hath my commandments and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father and I will love him and will manifest myself to him" (John 14:21).  God has assigned to your heart, your soul, and your life of discipleship His personal manifestation of love to you. Love Him back and you will experience what the Apostle of love cherished, it is you "whom Jesus loved!