---
layout: post
title: A Gospel Fullness
date: 2019-06-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Have you ever heard the unwanted expression: "Oh no, here he comes, bad news!"  Not so, and unheard of when it comes to real Biblical Christianity; rather, to the contrary, because the gospel not only welcomes us into life eternal, but we can bring a welcoming Spirit of gospel fullness to others.  We can all be of the number of  "oh, here we come as good news with a gospel changed life."   The Apostle Paul gave us a most important spiritual approach to fellowship in the local assembly: "I shall come in the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ" (Romans 15:29).  Paul wanted to personify the living "good news" concerning the Spirit's approach to fellowship with others.  He wanted to be in "full gospel dress" in order to be a blessing, evidencing spiritual fruit in his ministry and in his joyful fellowship with believers.   "That I may come unto you with joy, and may with you be refreshed" (v. 32).  What a fullness of a gospel-changed life that this mature Christian possessed, from "what a gospel!"  Life changing fullness comes from only one Source - His Holy Spirit.  When we are living in daily fellowship with His Spirit, we can then bring that fellowship to our brothers and sisters in our local assembly.  Here's our challenge, may it be said of us all,  "Oh great, here he comes, good news, bearing the fruit of the Spirit of "love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith [definition: faithfulness - being faithful in the local assembly], meekness, temperance ...." (Galatians 5:22).  The "fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ" (v. 29) does that - it is life changing, all made possible with His Spirit dwelling within.  To be a blessing, we need to possess the blessing, or we have nothing to offer our brothers and sisters in Christ.  If the gospel that you have received isn't life changing, it would be expedient for you to "search the scriptures: for in them ye think ye have eternal life; and they are they which testify of me" (John 5:39).  Those are the words of Jesus, who gave us the life changing good news, of which we can share with others.  Oh, pass the Biblical test of a Biblical gospel that is life-changing as evidenced in your fellowship with other believers, when we all "shall come in the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ ... coming unto you with joy, and we all may with you be refreshed."  