---
layout: post
title: The Why of the Will
date: 2019-05-29 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Do these words sound familiar, "why do you do what you do?" An interesting question indeed!  To the sincere Christian, his quest for God's will fulfilled in his life is priority plus.  Jesus did teach us a most important truth of life, "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness, and all these things shall be added unto you" (Matthew 6:33).  Exactly, what are the things that Jesus is addressing?   Your daily bread, clothes on your back, and a roof over your head are the things that Jesus does know that we need, as well as every essential that sustains life.  Seeking does not necessarily guarantee an addition of  "all these things added unto you" - unless that seeking has a "kingdom of God first" perspective.  Loving Jesus, with His kingdom rule in your heart, and loving and doing the things Jesus loves brings an "added unto you" life.  Who does the adding?  Of course, we cannot, but Jesus, the Lord Himself has power to deliver those added essentials.  Jesus created man, and He knows exactly what man needs in his life for fulfillment, and He is the Giver in life's additions.  Are you looking for that fulfillment in purpose, joy, peace and the blessedness (happiness) that only God can pour into your heart?  The blessed (happy) state of man is: knowing God's will which is man's greatest insight, and doing God's will is life's ultimate fulfillment!  Chasing after prominence, prestige, pleasure, possession, promotion, and power, all the while skimping on the spiritual ingredients of life, is not the answer to fulfillment and purpose.  God did not create man for no other reason than for man to fulfill God's purpose and will in his life.  God's Spirit still uses the Word to move upon heart, directing the path of those serious in the Word - living with the Word and by the Word.  Solomon found that out through his futile trial and error lifestyle, telling us that all is "vanity and vexation of spirit" (Ecclesiastes 2:26).  No need to be side-stepping God's will and His Word; there is no viable reason to be living a life distant from the Spirit filled life, because "all these things" of Matthew's gospel are waiting to be added unto those seeking Him FIRST.  That, my friend is a promise from God's Word; Jesus told us so.  So thank you Solomon, for giving us the "heads up" concerning the vanity concerning those empty pursuits in life.  Wisdom's way is saying yes to a life surrendered in God's will, in God's Word, and in God's way, all by God's grace at work in your heart.  Here then is the Word for the wise, from the wise: "let us hear the conclusion of the whole matter: fear God, and keep his commandments (dwell in the Word, prioritize the Word), for this is the whole duty of man" (Ecclesiastes 12:13).  Just love the Lord, and love that which Jesus loves: His will, His work (building His Church), and His walk.  When we do, we have the "spiritual goods" in being the joyful Christian, the praising the Lord Christian, and the fulfilled in life Christian, and we will know the heart answer to the question, "Why do I do, what I do?"   So, here's our personal spiritual assignment, please fill in the blank:  "I do what I do because ....."  The answer reveals the WHY OF THE WILL.