---
layout: post
title: War No More
date: 2019-07-08 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's question for every one who professes to know the Lord. Is doctrine a most important consideration regarding your belief, your walk, your worship, and your fellowship? Here's the answer: Absolutely, when Biblical truth is firmly seated in the regenerated heart, the One who lives there speaks his Word there. Jesus is the way, the truth, and the life. He shows us the way with His truth when we hold true to doctrine and as we desire to walk with His new life within. Here's a doctrine to which truth-alive seekers cling: The Lord brought you to Himself with the cleansing power of the blood (Ephesians 1:7) and the living power of the Word (I Peter 1:23). His desire for His children is for doctrinal truth to be alive in our hearts, showing us His way, living His life, directed by His doctrine, not our's. Please consider the doctrine of reconciliation, and what an in depth doctrinal truth is presented to us from the rich treasury of God's Word. "Having made peace through the blood of the cross, by him to reconcile all things unto himself, by him" (Colossians 1:20). The "truth gathering" believer is alerted to the "by him" emphasis of reconciliation. The wonderful truths relating to this doctrine have a "by him" peace which was made by the terms of the "by him" blood that was shed. Historically, in reconciliation, any two weakened, warring parties came together to the armistice table, with their joint offers, hoping for the possibility of one party offering peace, usually by the weaker party. Quite different with the Lord's offer of peace, with the reconciliation "by Him," He offers the best terms ever. In His reconciliation, the stronger party, namely the Lord (the One warred against), is come to offer complete and assured peace by giving His life's blood. War no more, because "you that were sometime alienated, and enemies in your mind by wicked works, yet hath he now reconciled" (v. 21). The reason is that His peaceful terms are offered to you - all in the NOW: "yet NOW hath he reconciled." So, NOW, here's the challenge to everyone professing Biblical faith: if the Lord has reconciled you to Himself by His blood, having made peace, war no more, let Him rule in your heart by the Word through the power of the Holy Spirit. Allow Him to be your GOD, not the idols of self, when they are given allegiance at the expense of God's will: your plans, your pleasure, your purpose, your pride, your promotion - YOURSELF. Allow His doctrine, His truths, His Spirit's leading through His word to be your chosen walk with Him. Oh, dear child of God, cherish His Word, now that He reconciled you, brought you to Himself in peaceful terms by giving His life's blood; NOW give your life to Him. Reconciliation, what a doctrine for your walk NOW with Him. Let His life be your life; let His desires be your desires; let His plans be your plans; let His work be your work ("upon this rock, I will build my church" - Matthew 26:18); just let His Spirit's direction be your direction ... Remember: when doctrine, Biblical truth is firmly seated in the regenerated heart, the One who lives there speaks His Word there. Truth comes alive when we are serious about the doctrine of reconciliation: WE ARE HIS SHEEP NOW, no longer a goat that will not be led by the Shepherd. "My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me" (John 10:27). War no more, be reconciled if you do not know Him. Let the doctrine of reconciliation be a precedence in your life, dismiss the idols from your heart, listen to His Word, and walk with Him in His way. Why have war when you can WIN with Him.
