---
layout: post
title: Behold, I Make All Things New
date: 2019-01-01 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Time marches on & time's hourglass of granular transfer waits for no man.  Our lives do march on as well, but could it be that there may be some uncertainty facing you this coming year, waiting to cut deep into our lives, with hearts found anxious at times?  For those with lives grounded in the Word, the Lord provides a peaceful projection for their days ahead: "Be careful (anxious) for nothing, but in every thing by prayer and supplication with thanksgiving, let your requests be made known unto God, and the peace which passeth all understanding shall keep your hearts and minds through Christ Jesus" (Philippians 4:6-7).  Then the Lord tells the obedient believer, "the God of peace shall be with you" (v. 9).  As time travels on, the Lord travels with the believer, by his side: "My presence shall go with thee, and I will give thee rest" (Exodus 33:14).  With the theology of God's providential presence already established, together with the sovereignty of His plans designed personally for us, His good news awaits us all.  "The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me" (Psalm 138:8).   Our heavenly Father is the One who specializes in directing our lives, especially when it comes to fulfilling His purpose for us in the days ahead.  Here's a future verse, with a present day application: "He that sat upon the throne said, behold, I make all things new ... write: for these words are true and faithful" (Revelation. 21:5).  Nestled in this verse we can glean some newness that can help us step into the new year, and then walk with Him in the time God has given us.  We have His Sovereign rule over us backed up with throne room authority, and our Lord brings in the new year with: 1) the new already marked out for us, 2) the new promised with His truths of divine certainty,  and 3) His newness assured to us with Him being faithful in our lives, dissolving all the anxious thoughts of what could be ahead!  You are a "new creation in Christ - old things are passed away: behold all things are become new" (II Corinthians 5:17).  Oh, don't try to live the new year with the old, rather rejoice in the One who can then give you a blessed (happy) new year living in His newness.  Remember, He who holds the future holds you in His newness.  