---
layout: post
title: Blessed Art Thou
date: 2020-08-31 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Jesus had a conversation with the disciple Peter one day and asked him a very important question, "Whom say ye that I am?" The answer came back with certainty, together with his acknowledgement of who he was, namely the living Christ. That answer given was a defining moment in the life of Peter, a life-giving moment, and life giving for every disciple of all time: "Simon Peter answered and said, Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God" (Matthew 16:15-16). Then Jesus said, "Blessed art thou Simon Barjona, for flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven" (v. 17). "Blessed art thou" was spoken to the one who had the LIVING Word revealed to him: he knew who Jesus was; he was and is and ever shall be "the Son of the Living God." So, "blessed art thou" dear Christian, if you know who Jesus is, the Son of the living God who desires to be living in you as a born-again Christian. The Living Son of God is living in us as the Bible tells us: "He that hath the Son, hath the LIFE" (I John 5:12). Blessed art thou, if God has made that blessed truth known to you; you have LIFE from the Son of the LIVING GOD, Christ in you. "To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles, which is Christ in you, the hope of glory" (Colossians 1:27). Blessed art thou because the Son of the Living God has granted to us salvation on the basis of his blood: "Blessed is he whose transgression is forgiven whose sin is covered" (Psalm 32:1). Blessed art thou, because as believers we can now talk with the Lord: "Blessed be the LORD because he hath heard the voice of my supplications" (Psalm 28:6). Blessed art thou, because we can "taste and see that the Lord is good, blessed is the man that trusteth in him" (Psalm 34:8). Blessed art thou, if you cherish a close relationship with the Son of the Living God, because God's hand is on your life: "Blessed is the man whom thou choosest, and causest to approach unto thee, that he may dwell in thy courts" (Psalm 65:4). Oh, blessed art thou, for thy soul is complete in HIM, for "we shall be satisfied with the goodness of thy house, even of thy holy temple" (v. 4). It is a "blessed art thou" relationship, knowing that the Lord is he "who daily loadeth us with benefits, even the God of our salvation" (Psalm 68:19). So, dear child of God, if the truths of God's Word concerning "Blessed art thou" have reached into your heart by the Father revealing it ALL unto you, it is a heart now which God has blessed. Once again, the reason: "flesh and blood hath not revealed it unto thee, but my Father which is in heaven." So, blessed be the LORD God of Israel from everlasting, and to everlasting, Amen and Amen" (Psalm 41:13). The precious certainty: we know that "thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God" and as a true believer, you are blessed with his living presence: Christ in you. Rejoice, dear child of God with the Apostle Paul who said, "For me to live is Christ" (Philippians 1:21). When you do, you are enjoying a true, meaningful life from the Son of the LIVING GOD. So, may this question be posed to you from our Lord Jesus: "whom say you that I AM?" May it be said of you: "Dear Lord, you are the Son of the Living God because YOU ARE NOW LIVING IN ME, so, blessed AM I!
