---
layout: post
title: Your Possession - His Patience 
date: 2020-04-25 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Gospel of Luke records the words of our Lord, so important to us in this time in which we live: "In your patience, possess ye your souls" (24:19).  The context is the end time tribulation period that is marked by everything from earthquakes, famines, and PESTILENCE (v. 11).  True, we are not in the seven year tribulation period, but we certainly are in troubling times, and maybe very close to his appearing, the rapture (I Thessalonians 4:16).  We surely do need what the Lord has commanded us to possess during our time of difficulty: PATIENCE!  We may ask ourselves, "When will this menace of a virus ever going to GO AWAY?"  The only one that can answer that question is the Lord himself; however, we can give answer the Lord's command, "In your patience, possess ye your souls."  Here is a spiritual activity that needs to be personalized by us all: possessing your soul in patience.   You may testify to the effect by saying, "Yes, I need patience Lord, and in all honesty, I want it RIGHT NOW."So, honestly, here's the good news, YOU CAN POSSESS it right NOW, and it comes by owning it IN YOUR SOUL.   Patience comes to the Spirit filled believer in the NOW, and for you NOW, because the Spirit of the Living God has patience to give you RIGHT NOW in your soul alive in HIM.  "The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering (patience - Galatians 5:22).  So, in your patience, possess YE your soul; namely OWN it as yours, NOW, today.

"In patience possess ye your soul" and when you do, the believer has personal ownership of the fruit of patience, because he is owning also a most cherished, personal, dwelling relationship with his Lord.  "My beloved is mine, and I am HIS" (Song of Solomon 2:16).   As the believer is Spirit filled (under the control of the Spirit of the Living God), he is "strengthened with all might according to his glorious power, unto all PATIENCE ... with joyfulness" (Colossians 1:11).  Patient believers are joyful believers because of their spiritual connection with their joyful and patient Lord.  Whereas, joyless believers are impatient believers, and impatient believers are joyless believers because of their disconnect with their joyful and blessed Lord.  Not so for the spiritually minded believer: "Blessed are the people who know the joyful sound, they shall walk in the light of thy countenance.  In thy name they shall rejoice all the day" (Psalm 89:15-16).  Who you are depends upon WHO is alive in your heart.  It's been said, "Unhappy people have a lot to complain about," but in  REALITY, the truth of the matter is that unhappiness stems from a complaining heart, a complaining heart can never be happy.  "If we complained less ... we would be more happy, and God would be more glorified" (Charles Spurgeon).   So, "in patience possess ye your soul" and the result will be joyfulness, a complementing FRUIT of the Spirit.  Trying times demand a time for your faith to be exercised, and your soul to be under new ownership - the Lord's possession of your spirit with his Spirit's patience.  James tells us so, "Knowing this that the trying of your faith worketh patience" (James 1:3).  He  zeroes in on the joy associated with patience vs a murmuring heart:  "Count it all joy when ye fall into divers temptations" (trials 1:2).   So, "In your patience, possess ye your souls."   Own patience, and when you do, you own joy!  What a mark of maturity: "Let patience have her perfect work, that ye may be perfect (mature) and entire, wanting nothing" (1:4).  The Apostle Paul speaks of the growing mature believer, "In all things approving yourselves as the ministers of God, in much patience, in afflictions, in necessities, in distresses" (2 Corinthians 6:4).  So, "in your patience, possess ye your souls!"

"In patience, possess ye your soul" demands a decisive heart move on your part and not just a head movement of contemplation.  So, with the Word of God seizing the heart, with HIS power taking precedence, be assured of God's Spirit coming to you strong in the soul.  Don't think for a moment that any disastrous event or any discouraging threat can possibly control a child of God's behavior - when possessed with the living power of God's patience.  Remember, it's HIS power of patience abiding in you and being spiritually strong in you, and not your 'TRYING TO BE PATIENT."  Powerful patience comes to you and in you as you ABIDE in HIM.  You see, there needs to be another PERSON  controlling you, namely the Lord, when you relinquish your heart's control (what I feel, what I want, and what I think what needs to be done).  A wise preacher of years gone by, Samuel Rutherford reveals that it is all a matter of God's joyful will for the life: "Think it not hard if you get not your own will, nor your delights in life.  God will have you to rejoice in nothing but himself."  At times we hear the prayer, "Lord, help me to apply this truth to my life."  Great prayer, but here's a most important prayer, "I yield my heart to you dear Lord, for the power of that truth (patience) to live in my life by the living Spirit of the LIVING GOD."  So, what about the power of God's Spirit of patience?  As the Spirit fills you, you are filled with the fullness of God that he intended, HIS life LIVING in you.  The Apostle Paul states, "I am crucified with Christ: nevertheless I live, yet not but Christ liveth in me" (Galatians 2:20).  It's all about a death to self, and a life now alive in Christ.  It's all about a bonded love relationship with your Lord.  "To know the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge (not just knowing "about" the Lord, but knowing HIM - Philippians 3:10) that ye might be filled with all the fullness of God" (Ephesians 3:19).  Fullness of God bring the fullness of what God offers to us in the fruit of his Spirit; namely, HIS powerful patience alive in you.  Once again, patient believers are happy people, and complaining people are unhappy people during times of testing.  "Behold, we count them happy which endure" (James 5:11).  So, there it is, right from the pen of God's Holy Spirit.  Trying times invite us to enter into God's glorious classroom of patience: "We glory in tribulations also, knowing that tribulation worketh PATIENCE, and patience, experience, and experience, hope: and hope maketh not ashamed; because the love of God is shed abroad in our hearts by the Holy Ghost which is given unto us" (Romans 5:3-5).   So, meet up with the Holy Spirit in your tribulation. So, then "In your patience possess YE (make it personal) your souls."

"In patience possess YE your souls" has an underlying reason attached to the command.  There are many assaults by the world (the evil order of things), the flesh (what you want apart from God's will), and the devil on the soul of the spiritual Christian who has devoted his life to Christ.  Each and every threat to your soul needs a STABILIZER given to you by the PERFECT GIFT GIVER from above (James 1:17).  Jesus knew exactly what is needed in times of trouble, and what is spiritually essential in YOUR TIME of trial, anguish, and sorrow.  Every unrest needs a cessation of internal aggravation from the trial, every problem needs a solution to its effect on your heart, and every ill of the soul needs the balm of Gilead (Jeremiah 8:22).  When the lethal arrow of trouble is targeting your soul, Jesus tells us, lift up the shield of faith that I gave you, possess your soul with MY POWER OF PATIENCE.  A patient soul has a God-built in deflector; tribulation may take its hunt on the outside, but will never haunt the inside of the believer, empowered with HIS Spirit of patience.  Now, dear child of God, go on with an empowered patient soul, and enjoy his peaceful presence in this world of tribulation.  Jesus tells us, "These things have I spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace.  In the world ye shall have tribulation.  But be of good cheer, I have overcome the world" (John 16:33).  So, "In your patience possess ye your souls."

"In patience, possess ye your soul" and enjoy his peaceful presence of his power, his sovereign power ruling over all, including the all of YOU.  Knowing that a disaster cannot claim HIS POWERFUL PEACE in your soul:  "My peace I give unto you" (John 14:27), and no man can take it from you.  Knowing that unhappiness may come to the unsaved world (and carnal Christians for that matter) through unwanted HAPPENINGS, making them impatient; it need  not be so with the one filled with his power of patience.  As we possess his power of patience, we enjoy the possession of HIS POWER OF JOY: "I will see you again, and your heat shall REJOICE, and your joy no man taketh from you" (John 16:22).  So, start SEEING HIM AGAIN with a Spirit filled patient heart accompanied with Spirit filled joy.   Knowing that a disaster cannot distract you, a difficulty cannot drain you of his power, knowing that any disturbance of any kind cannot distance you from HIM.  "Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Shall tribulation or distress ... nay in all these things we are more than conquerors through him that loved us" (Romans 8:35-37).  Backed up with God's love, through the power of his Spirit we are in the know that anything and everything has to come to Him before it comes to you.  Rejoice, we have his protection, his patience, and his power of love (and all the fruit therewith: patience included).  With the Spirit of his powerful patience, he will lead the way, clear the way, make the way because he said "I am the way" (John 14:6), championing the cause for which we live (in him, through him, and for him).  Let us therefore heed the precious words of our loving Lord:  "In your patience, possess ye your souls."  