---
layout: post
title: Make It Personal
date: 2020-07-28 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The prophet Samuel gives us all a Scriptural admonition regarding prayer, and he makes it personal. "Moreover, as for ME, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you" (I Samuel 12:23), Seen from that verse, prayer is personal in more ways than one: prayer to the Lord was chosen as Samuel's spiritual responsibility, as well as his prayer for God's people becoming a most important God directive quest. So, there it is: Prayer addressed to the Lord, from you, and yes for you; but it's not just all about you, it's what God says about prayer. Biblical prayer reaches beyond the walls and ceiling of self-interest, it rises above and reaches toward and into the portals of glory - for God's people as well, and bringing them before the throne room of Biblical request. In the context of prayer found in that very same verse, Samuel desires to "teach you (us) the good and the right way." His prayer was for the people of God to "only fear the LORD and serve him in truth with all your heart, for consider how great things he hath done for you" (v. 24). What better way for that godly fear relationship with the Lord to be established than with prayer, involving you and your Christian brothers and sisters in the family of God. Samuel gives us this message reminding us of the Biblical principle in praying for each other, and he made it personal: "moreover, as for ME, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you." Let's pause a moment, and reflect on prayer, it is the first sign of life from the beating NEW heart of a born-again believer. Just as the first sign of life of an infant born into this world, there is a continual exercise of breathing. When born-again into the spiritual world, the first sign of one's life from God is spiritual breathing, namely praying to the One giving us life. That becomes continual prayer, habitual prayer, unceasing prayer, which becomes a personal prayer-life ongoing with God: So, "Pray without ceasing" (I Thessalonians 5:17). You see, with God on the heart, the Spirit of God will issue prayer on the heart, and that will usher forth prayer from the heart, ready to speak to one's Lord in any moment of time. The reason, there is a life-blood (HIS) connection, a spiritual bond, and what a mark of a true believer - active and alive in prayer! Jesus gave us the Parable of the Unjust Judge, telling us that "men ought always to pray and not to faint" (Luke 18:1). In that parable: (which is an earthly illustration depicting a heavenly truth), that earthy minded judge so addressed, was a bench ruler of this world who would finally take care of the request of one crying continually, bothering him before his court. To silence her, he finally gave her what she demanded. Then, in spiritual reflection of that story, Jesus teaches us that our Heavenly Judge, who is our caring Father, is so very giving, so ever loving, and so genuinely personal in granting our requests. "Shall not God avenge his own elect which cry day and night unto him" (Luke 18:7). If God himself makes his answers to our prayers so personal, make your prayers, all of them and for others SO personal; make it "moreover as for ME" I'm going to pray. Here's a poem that can help us all in praying: To talk with God, no breath is lost, talk on talk on. Make it personal. To walk with God is no strength lost, walk on walk on. Make it personal. To wait on God is no time lost, wait on wait on. Make it personal. It all begins with prayer to God, pray on pray on. Oh, dear child of God, make it personal, make it a "moreover as for ME" prayer life; Samuel did, and so can you. Oh, lest we miss this concerning prayer: "Consider how great things, he hath done for you" (v. 24), so, since the Lord has done great things already, CONSIDER how great answers that will be granted to your requests - when we fear the Lord.
