---
layout: post
title: A Right-Minded Man
date: 2020-09-29 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a story all about the Lord's healing of a demon possessed man, the demoniac of Gadara. This Biblical account opens with the narrative of Jesus meeting a wild man "with an unclean spirit" who was "dwelling among the tombs; and no man could bind him" (Mark 5:2, 3). When Jesus "asked him, what is thy name? He answered saying, my name is Legion: for we are many" (v. 9). Imagine a legion of demons living in this tormented man, unleashing all the dregs of shameful sin. According to the biblical account, this legion's number compares to the number of a Roman army division, usually comprising of 3,000 to 6,000 soldiers. Satan has his army with legions of demons, and this demoniac seemingly was conquered completely by a mighty host of evil. Or was he? Well, he was overcome indeed, that is until Jesus met up with him, and exercised divine authority over this ugly spiritual power in full-blown display (vs. 3-5). Things changed for this man when the Lord changed this man: "forthwith Jesus gave them leave, and the unclean spirits went out" (v. 13). Scripture gives us a unique use of grammar in identifying that change; you see, what "was" was no more! Those of the "city and in the country ... went out to see what it WAS that WAS done. And they come to Jesus, and see him that WAS possessed with the devil, and HAD the legion, sitting and clothed and in his RIGHT MIND" (vs. 14-15). It was a complete turnaround for him: "he that had been possessed with the devil prayed him that he might be with him" (Jesus, v. 18). )What a testimony to the power of our God over spiritual darkness and wickedness (cf. Ephesians 1:21). Jesus met up with him and then it WAS ALL HISTORY - HIS STORY. Yes, Jesus WAS the One and IS the One who takes care of spiritual unrest. That historical account which occurred 31 A D is not limited in time, as God's power certainly is not; his power is eternal (Romans 1:20). Now comes the spiritual connection: evil and spiritual unrest is rampant in our sinful, fallen world, seemingly out of control, with all mankind being susceptible. There is an invisible spiritual war going on in the hearts of man today, bringing a visible unrest that only the Lord of peaceful power can champion. Satan is the "god of this world (who) hath blinded the minds of them that believe not, lest the light of the glorious gospel of Christ, who is the image of God should shine unto them" (2 Corinthians 4:4). That adversary is "the prince of the power of the air, the spirit that now worketh in the children of disobedience" (Ephesians 2:2). The answer is, and always will be Jesus who testifies that "I am the Light of the world" (John 9:5). He shines that light on the only hope for deliverance from the spiritual darkness and unrest in the world today: "Now is made manifest by the appearing of our Savior Jesus Christ who hath abolished death, and hath brought life and immortality to light through the Gospel" (2 Timothy 1:10). Oh, meet up with Jesus who still brings life to the repentant believer, once found in the tombs of deadening sin. It is Jesus who desires to shine in the light of his gospel, and then to make this miraculous story mankind's story. The Lord is the answer: "who hath delivered us from the power of darkness, and hath translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son" (Colossians 1:13). It is Jesus "who quickens us who were dead in trespasses and sins" (Ephesians 2:1). He is the only answer for us to be a RIGHT-MINDED MAN having been delivered from the tombs of sin and darkness. Oh, meet up with Jesus today with a repentant heart of belief, asking Jesus to save you: "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord, shall be saved" (Romans 10:13).
