---
layout: post
title: Thus Saith The Lord
date: 2020-06-23 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

If there is a day and age when the Bible is needed in the lives of God's people it is today. We live in a day of famine concerning the Word of the Lord in the church today. "Behold the days come, saith the Lord GOD, that I will send a famine in the land, not a famine of bread, nor a thirst for water, but of hearing the words of the LORD" (Amos 8:11). Sadly, there is a dearth of the Word both in the pulpit and in the pew. In a day of famine, the prophet Elisha of old made a most powerful statement concerning the divine Word: "Hear the Word of the Lord, thus saith the LORD" (2 Kings 7:1). The church, together with God's people need a "thus saith the LORD" commitment with God concerning his Word. That "thus saith the LORD" relationship finds its beginning with the Spirit's new birth (John 3:3) and then continuing in a spiritual walk of the believer (Ephesians 5:18) in the Word with the God of truth. God's Word is true as God himself is true. As God is true, and as his Word is true, we can be true in our relationship with him. Yes, that relationship begins with the Word, continues with the Word, and will never end because of the Word "which liveth and abideth forever" (I Peter 1:23). A life beginning by faith through the power of the Word can only come into spiritual existence with a "thus saith the LORD" salvation. As God's Word is true, God is true, and so our faith then is true, based the verity of the Word of truth that gives us life. "Being born again, not of corruptible see, but of incorruptible, BY the word of God, which LlIVETH and abideth forever" (1 Peter 1:23). The believer's hope of eternal life rests only on God's unchanging Word, and praise the Lord it does not change because God does not change (Hebrews 13:8). We can rely God's Word to bring us life, because as God's Word is trustworthy, so is the Lord. God's unadulterated Word is trustworthy because God cannot lie. "In hope of eternal life, which God that cannot lie promised before the world began" (Titus 1:2). The repentant sinner becomes a born-again believer through the living power of the Word (1 Peter 1:18-23), which gives him life. Then, since God's inspired Word is true, the repentant believer can possess the truly born-again life, indwelt by the Spirit, all through the Word. Then, and then only will there be a hunger and thirst for a "thus saith the Lord" quest to live the Christian life. "Teach me thy way; I will walk in thy truth: unite my heart to fear thy name" (Psalm 86:11). It's all about a "thus saith the LORD" relationship that began at his spiritual birth, and continues with the indwelling Spirit and a walk in the Word.

How about your "thus saith the LORD" walk with the Lord? May that relationship be one that begins with the Word bringing life to you, and then for you to be in union in your walk with Jesus who is "the way, the truth and the life" (John 14:6). Yes, a relationship with the Christ himself, based on his ever-living Word, with HIM alive in you all because of his truth ALIVE. As God lives, his Word does live, and a Word-filled believer will therefore live. No more "dead 'Christianity'" or lives adulterated with the world and self (James 4:4). Jesus spoke one day to his disciples concerning the living power of his Word. To begin with, he told them straight out, life in him is not about what they could do, or what they could bring about on their own, a self-prescribed Christianity. Here's his explanation to them that day, and an eye-opening truth for our day. "It is the Spirit that quickeneth, the flesh profiteth nothing: the words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life" (John 6:63). As God spoke the creation of man into becoming a "living soul" back in Genesis (2:7), so God brings life through the Word into the repentant believer, becoming a living spiritual, regenerated man, redeemed and heaven bound. The Lord does that through his Word spoken to the heart now made spiritually alive, and only the Lord has power to bring life to a man dead in sin: "And you hath HE quickened who were dead in trespasses and sins" (Ephesians 2:1). It is a divine salvation all by grace through faith (2:8), given by the LIVING WORD; namely, Jesus himself who does the quickening (2:1). All based on the power of the regenerating Word, "being born again ... by the Word of God which liveth and abideth forever" (1 Peter 1:23). As the Word lives and brings life, so the believer lives, now possessing life IN HIM, and he lives all through the power of the life-giving Word. It has been said, "the greatest problem facing the church today is not money, politics, or morale, rather it is the mishandling of God's Word." We need a "THUS SAITH THE LORD" relationship with him, and that begins with being "born again" of the Spirit, with the power of his Word, and continuing with a walk in the Word. As God is true, and as his Word is true, we can be a true believer as God quickens us into spiritual life by the Word, and grows us as a believer with a "thus saith the LORD" walk in truth. Question: Are you hungry in the famine for the Word? May this "thus saith the LORD" message give you some spiritual food for thought concerning God's truth and true Christianity.
