---
layout: post
title: The Best Friend Ever
date: 2020-09-22 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Friendship is a most important relationship that man has with man, but when that close relationship extends from God to man, it is most precious and most cherished. It has been said, "Unquestionably, the highest privilege granted to man on earth is to be admitted into the circle of friends with God. Nothing is important enough to stand in the way of our relationship with God." You may ask, "Is that possible, am I able to be a friend of God?" Then, owning up to the integrity of your heart, there is only one conclusion, "Lord, I'm imperfect; however, is your offer of friendship still available to me, a sinner saved by grace?" Here's where the friendship story of God with man gets interesting, and that prelude begins in Matthew 11:19, "The Son of Man came ... a friend of publicans and sinners." The Bible has some wonderful news for you, a friend relationship with Jesus is reserved for the repentant sinner, saved by grace. The offer of his friendship with you is found in John 15:14, "Ye are my friends, IF ye do whatsoever I have commanded you." So, the key to being the Lord's friend is to do his will, and there must be another key: we need a key for our obedience to HIM. The key that unlocks the door of doing is abiding, and that's what John chapter 15 is all about. Jesus said, "I am the vine, ye are the branches; he that abideth in me, and I in him the same bringeth forth much fruit, for without me ye can do nothing" (v, 5). So, by abiding in the vine, your branch can yield the fruit of obedience, and "with HIM, ye can do" his will, obeying his commandments. So, there it is! Your abiding brings obedience, and your obedience validates friendship with the Lord. That's not all! There is more that the Lord has for us regarding that close bond with the HIM: John's instruction tutorial regarding that abiding relationship with your FRIEND introduces something life-giving. As Jesus relates to you as friend, and as you abide in him, he has something to say about that precious relationship: "These things have i spoken unto you, that MY JOY might remain in you, and that your joy might be full" (v. 11). As Jesus relates to you as friend, he tells us that he wants to give us something that you definitely need in life: JOY. Now, here's the challenge, make friends with Jesus the Bible way, and extend that friendship to God's people in the same joyful way. Remember, "without me ye can do nothing" but with your abiding in Him, there is the fruit of the Spirit of joy now received, and NOW to be given to others. Take the lead from our Lord, spread HIS JOY by being HIS FRIEND. It's been said, "I looked for a friend, and I found none, I became a friend and found one everywhere." That my friend, is so Biblical in truth: "A man that hath friends, must show himself friendly" (Proverbs 18:24). You can be that friend as you are abiding in "a friend that sticketh closer than a brother" (v. 24). Stick with him and your friendship will be sticky with the joy that your new friends out there are looking for in you. First of all: Make friends with the BEST FRIEND EVER.
