---
layout: post
title: Bound in the Bundle of Life
date: 2020-06-02 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Apostle Paul gives us all a challenge to set before us: "I have fought a good fight, I have finished my course, I have KEPT the faith" (2 Timothy 4:7). Keeping the faith is so essential; IT IS GOD ESSENTIAL, and that Scriptural challenge is made possible only through the Lord's Holy Spirit power at work in the serious minded, Spirit-filled believer. Only then is the continuity of faith made spiritually possible. Peter tells us so, "Who are kept BY the power of God through faith unto salvation ready to be revealed in the last time" (1 Peter 1:5). So, here's the question, "Who keeps who?" "Who actually does the keeping regarding MY faith?" The answer of course is found in the working of the Holy Spirit in the life of the believer exercising faith. We "commit the keeping of (our) souls to him" (I Peter 4:19). So, it's all about "our" trust, and his "keeping" regarding our faith believed and then lived. George Mueller, the 19th Century Evangelist and Director of the Ashley Down Orphanage in Bristol, England had a lot to say on that very subject of "keeping the faith." "It is true that faith which I am able to exercise is God's own gift. He alone supports it, and He alone can increase it, moment by moment. I depend on Him. If I am left to myself, my faith would utterly fail." He knew the faith keeping truth of the "everlasting arms" of our "Eternal God" (Deuteronomy 33:27); His arms have the holding power keeping us true to the faith. Anthony Showalter and Elisha Hoffman penned those faith keeping words ever so clearly, "Leaning on the Everlasting Arms." So once again, "Who holds who?" Wise is the Christian who has the understanding of true, Biblical, living faith. Living faith is defined with the very LIFE of the Faith Giver, ACTIVE & ALIVE in the life of the one exercising faith. Living faith is all about living in Jesus, just as the songwriter has written: "Living by Faith in Jesus Above" (James Wells), and we can sing it as we are "trusting, confiding in His great love." The faith life can be found only in the life of the Faith Giver. Here's the blessing: We can possess a life united in HIM, found in HIM, and bound with HIM.

We can have a life found in HIM, and then bound with HIM, which is so essential in a life lived in faith for HIM. "The just shall live by faith" (Galatians 3:11). Biblical faith is a gift given by him (Ephesians 2:8-9), and true faith is a Spiritual life originating from Him. "... Come to me, that ye might have life" (John 5:40). He that hath the Son, hath life" (I John 5:12). A faith life is a life given by HIM and then lived IN HIM, FOR HIM. "For in him we live, and move, and have our being" (Acts 17:28). Here's a verse that will help us all regarding that LIFE IN HIM - FOR HIM. David tells us of his personal relationship with the Lord, "which holdeth our soul in life" (Psalm 66:9). God "places" our soul in his life, his presence, bound with his Spirit of life. In the book of I Samuel, there is a corresponding verse that gives us an added dimension of God at work, bringing us to that Spiritual place of living faith IN HIM. It was Abigail who told David that "the soul of my lord shall be bound in the life with the LORD thy God" (25:29). God has a bundle of HIS LIFE in which the believer can be found, and then bound; namely, a place in which we experience the FULL BUNDLE of the fullness of HIS LIFE. David had that life, and God's BUNDLE made the difference during his trials (Psalm 66:10), his afflictions (v. 11), his mistreatment (v. 12), and hardships during his "fire and water" experiences (v. 12). Through it all, as his life was "bound in the bundle of life" - God's life, David's response was a spiritually encouraging one: "thou (the Lord) broughtest us out into a wealthy place" (v. 12). Wealthy place? Oh, yes, and the Psalmist tells us so, and it was a worshipful place. The Psalm begins with adulation unto the Lord: "Make a joyful noise unto God" (v. 1), and ends with the SONG of "Blessed be God" (v. 20). So, let's all get untied from a life without the Lord, and then to be tied up with the Lord's BUNDLE OF LIFE, HIS FULLNESS. When we do, the question of "Who keeps who" is answered.
