---
layout: post
title: Fact Filled Faith Over Feelings
date: 2020-02-11 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Where would we be without the Word of God to direct our thoughts and emotions, without which we would find ourselves bereft of the Spirit's bearing witness within. Good news, the Lord has not left us destitute, never leaving us alone in the confines of our emotion affected thought lives. Please, let us pause for a spiritual moment and ask ourselves, "Who or what really is at the control center of our internal being?" Without the inspiring content of Scripture, we would fail in our God-given quest to live the life God intended for us. The Lord never designed our lives to be relegated to roller coaster feelings, spiraling out of control thoughts, or to be captivated by the "prince of this world" (John 12:31) as he targets his fiery darts aimed at destroying our soul. Life is really not all about how we feel, how we think with our natural minds, or how this wicked world sets the stage regarding how we should act or react to life's challenges. The script for our lives is clearly given from the Word and directed personally by the Holy Spirit. Here then are some life-giving truths by which to live, from the One who not only has created life, but gives us the answers on how to maintain life with his Spirit's power at work within us. The Word has power to elevate our spirit and soul above our feelings, thoughts, and challenges that we face in this fallen world. We want to look to the Psalmist as we address these three particular human weaknesses found in our humanity. When he FELT lost and without direction, he said, "Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel" (Psalm 73:24). When he THOUGHT he could not go on, he said, "My flesh and my heart faileth, but God is the strength of my heart" (v. 26). When confronted with the oppression of the WICKED, and taking notice that the ungodly "prosper in the world" and concluded that he had "cleansed his heart in vain" (vs. 3-ff), he "went into the sanctuary of God" and "understood their end" (v. 17). When he got his facts in line with Scripture, his faith overrided his feelings. He then ended this chapter with a tribute unto his God, singing his psalm of faith: "It is good for me to draw near to God, I have put my trust in the Lord God" being able then to "declare all thy works" (v. 28). He came to the conclusion, namely to trust in the truths of God's Word, resting in the fact that God was at work within him, in spite of how he initially felt. His faith in what God had to say about his life helped him to rise above the adverse feelings that were stirring in his soul. God's Word gave him a prevailing fact filled faith over his feelings. What a life-changer for the Psalmist and for us to treasure. When we get the facts right from the Word, and have them placed right before us, yes, right before our feelings, then all is right in our soul again.
