---
layout: post
title: Good News
date: 2020-10-20 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The word gospel means "good news" and there is no better news than the good news of gospel salvation:  "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life" (John 3:16).  God has given us his word of love that prompted the salvation of man by the blood sacrifice of his dear Son on Calvary's cross.  This verse is described by many as God's greatest words to man.  It was Ruben Archer Torrey, the loyal friend and fellow evangelist with D. L. Moody who preached John 3:16 as the greatest sentence ever written.  This eternal verse from our Lord is read, known, cherished, revered, honored, appreciated, quoted, and understood more than any other Biblical wording in the Bible.  Everlasting life rests its foundational plan on the basis of the Word of God, prompted by the love of God, and procured by the sacrifice of God.  its sacred theme is prevalent throughout the written Word, beginning in the first book of the Bible.  John 3:16 has an Old Testament counterpart found in Genesis 3:15, "I will put enmity between thee and the woman, and between thy seed and her seed. It shall bruise thy head and thou shalt bruise his heel."  The seed of the woman is Jesus who took care of sin and bruised Satan as prophesied.   D. L. Moody comments on that prophecy: "If you study the Bible, you will find out that no sooner did the news come up to heaven that Adam had fallen, that God was right down in Eden to take care of man, to promise LIFE."  Love found a way, and God's love gave us the blood sprinkled way back to God.  You see, God in his holiness cannot favor sin in man, but God in his grace and love sheds his favor on man in spite of sin.  God cannot approve of the sinner in his natural condition, however innocent the appearance may be in the eyes of man.  Man needs the gospel of redemption, a true gospel which addresses sin in its offense to God's holiness.  That gospel is also the true Word of God which gives us the good news that "whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."  Christ lived a perfect life to become a perfect sinless sacrifice to take care of every blemish and infraction against a holy God.  "For he hath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God IN HIM" (2 Corinthians 5:21).  Now, as the repentant believer responds to that John 3:16 gospel, God gives him the assurance of sins forgiven and the gift of eternal life.  Now, here's a personal assignment for the forgiven: since Jesus gave his life for us, let's live for him.   "Who his own self bare our sins in his own body on the tree, that we being dead to sins, should live unto righteousness, by whose stripes ye were healed" (I Peter 2:24).  A true gospel received will not only bring eternal life, but inspires us to bring forth a true life lived for him; NOW THAT'S GOOD NEWS.