---
layout: post
title: The Eye in the Storm 
date: 2020-04-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

We live in a time when what we are seeing before our very eyes is something that we need to view with the eye of God, with his perfect vision (namely, how the Lord is viewing this present evil world).   There are wonderful truths found in God's Word concerning the eye, more specifically "your eye" - let's make it personal, shall we.  God has created man with a seeing eye, but how about the eye of the heart, he did create the eye of the soul as well.  We all see what we desire to see concerning that which "we desire to see" (an intentional repeat).  We all have our personal focus in life, how we view life, what we want to see, what we are looking at and to whom we are looking.  Here's the message: we live in a darkened world, a world tainted by man's fall into sin, leaving behind its destructive path of influence.  In that wickedly defined world, Jesus tells us something really important regarding the eye of our soul: "The light of the body is the eye; if therefore thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light" (Matthew 6:22). Light brings LIFE, real life, we want that, don't we?  Here's the pivotal point in this message: when darkness comes with its attempt to captivate us, when evil erupts affecting us, when God's judgment comes as a "wake-up call" alerting us, we need to hear clearly HIS alarm sounding.  The Lord is seemingly interacting with sinful man, and we understand that the Lord is wanting the world's attention.  With an eye singled on him, we have his light to see things from his divine perspective.  We may then realize that what is happening in this fallen world just may be man's last call to repentance, before the day of HIS GLORIOUS APPEARING, the rapture (I Thessalonians 4:16).  We need to be ready with an eye singled on the Lord, with his light shinning in our soul.  The reason, there is evil's attempt to pull its darkened shroud over our eyes, and we must remember that darkness cannot put out the light of God - if we possess it.  "In him was life, and the life was the light of man. And the light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not" (cannot extinguish it, John 1:4-5).  The world with this evil intent may come with darkness trying to blind us, it's then when we need to "light up" our eye to be SINGLED on HIM.  We need to look into the EYE of the storm (namely our Jesus), to see with HIS EYE, with his light that giveth us LIFE in this time when death is knocking on our door.  "In him was life and the life was the light of man" (John 1:4).  Death and darkness has no power over HIS LIFE AND LIGHT, and over your life when "thine eye be single" resulting in "thy whole body shall be full of light."  Light brings life, and you can possess his life with his light during this time of darkness.  He is the EYE, our EYE for our storm.  He is also the eye in the storm, a very safe, and ALIVE place to be.

HIS eye in the storm needs to be the focus of our eye in OUR storm.  Our focus need not be on the crisis, the circumstance, or the confusion, but on THE CHRIST, with his eye on it all.  All of which is to say in a personal sermon addressed to all of our hearts: "Wait on the Lord" with your eye singled on the ONE who has his watch care over you, with his ever seeing and all seeing eye.  The Psalmist gives us some direction as to where we need to look in our day when darkness wants to dim the light of our eye.  "Unto thee lift I up mine eyes, O thou that dwellest in the heavens" (Psalm 123:1).  He then gives us the Biblical simile as to HOW we need to look to HIM.  "Behold, as the eyes of servants look unto the hand of their masters ... so our eyes wait upon the LORD our God" (v, 2).  Interesting selection of Holy Spirit inspired words: the eye and the hand, our eye and HIS hand, not our "hands on" activity, as we see it.  So our eyes need to look to HIS HAND in it all, in his dealing with that which is handed out to us.  His hand is active in these times that evoke our fear, our doubt, and our anxiety (we own it at times, don't we), during times of uncertainty in a world beyond our control.  It's all about looking to his hand, all powerful to take care of the concerns and cares of his people.  Oh let your eye be single, and thy whole life shall be full of light.  Oh, remember the words of John, his light brings his life, and the darkness cannot kill it.

With HIS eye on the storm, and our eye looking to HIS HAND over the matter concerning us, we are in a safe place. The eye in the storm is always a secure place, a perfect scientific illustration of the Spiritual EYE.  Waiting with the eye places us under the watch care of HIS EYE, a servant's watch, looking to HIS watch of HIS CARE for us.  Waiting with the eye finds us in a faith-filled watch to then anticipate the movement of the Master's hand.  It is only then that the eye of faith meets up with the hand of God, demonstrating his sovereign work without and his spiritual work within.  Oh, dear child of God, wait on him with your eye single.  You see, when you do, Scripture has its awesome lifting effect in your heart:  "Unto thee O LORD do I lift up my soul" (Psalm 25:1).  Yes, a lifted soul experience inundated by his power, heavenward.  With an eye on WHO he is, and WHAT he can do, and HOW he does it will make all the difference in a storm filled life.  You will be seeing his eye in the storm, obstructing your earthy vision, once clouded by our less than 20/20 spiritual vision.  "Unto thee O LORD do I lift up mine eyes" denoting his power to lift you there, to an elevated experience (spiritual) beyond human limitation.  A lifted soul to the level of his presence, by his power to elevate you there to his person.  Lifted to the faith place bringing you out from fear's displacement, lifted to the plateau of his peace rising from the valley of our predicaments, lifted to the haven of his rest coming out of the fret of our restlessness, lifted to the heart resolve of his sweetness absolving the bitterness battling within, and lifted to the awareness of a soul abiding now in the courts of his praise drawn out of the curse associated with our fallen nature.  All made possible and powerfully when we have our eye singled on the One who has his eye on the storm. Therefore, let thine eye be single, and thy whole body shall be full of light.  His light brings his life in a darkened world.

With HIS eye on the storm we can wait with our eye SINGLED on him.  Waiting with the eye brings a vision now with HIS perfect seeing eye.  By faith we desire to see the Lord in his intent and purpose as to what transpires in and about our lives.  More than likely, and for God's intended sovereign purposes, the Lord is using the year 2020 for us all to see clearly with that 20/20 perfect vision, to get the world's attention.  In his holiness, he cannot and will not allow his creation to flounder in unchecked rebellion against him.  So waiting on him with the light of thy eye singled on him were the words of Christ addressed to us all.  Yes, for the Christian to EYE HIM so, and for the world of rebellion to get a new set of eyeballs, singled on redemption, repentance, and righteousness is the new vision call for the day.  "Where there is no vision, the people perish" (Proverbs 29:18).  The One with the eye in the storm can direct the storm to its conclusion as the world heeds the saving message of our Lord: "The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand.  Repent and believe the gospel" (Mark 1:15).  The most important words given to a perishing world in our day.  Interesting words: "The time ... is at hand."  Life-saving words:  "Repent and believe the gospel."  Then, and only then can mankind wait with their lighted eye on the Master.  He is the MASTER who can master the storm, who is also the EYE in the storm bringing safety, who can then take his divine steps to direct and demonstrate power over the storm.  He is  the EYE OF THE STORM for safety and the ONE IN THE STORM to move it out of the way.  The EYE in the storm, the place to be, and the unsaved can find himself there in safety, if only he repents and believes.  Yes, his Word does come to pass, "He commandeth and raiseth the storm" (Psalm 107:25), but in the same breath of mercy "He maketh the storm a calm" (v. 29).  So, enjoy the calm,  allow his light in your heart to make your eye single, and HIS life will come to you with his light. "In him was life, and the life was the light of man" (John 1:4).

With His eye on the storm, and with our eye on HIM in the storm, we can cherish not only the security that we possess as we go through our stormy ordeals, but also we can rejoice in the security of our salvation.  He delivered us from the REAL storm, the storm of sin's punishment, because of his sacrificial payment for our sin.  All made available to us with our repentant look of faith, resting on the sacrifice of the crucified, risen, and ever living Christ.  The believer now has HIS light available to direct his eye to be single, waiting on HIM.  Waiting with the eye of light, singled, gives us a relationship alive in him.  God never intended the New Testament believer to drudge along in a live-less, powerless, expression-less, cold-hearted, and self-styled religious existence.  The Apostle Paul tells us, "I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me (Galatians 2:20).  He also gave the Scriptural warning concerning those rejecting the One who can give that life: "Behold I lay in Zion a stumbling Stone, and Rock of OFFENSE, and whosoever believes on him shall not be put to shame" (Romans 9:33 - confounded, used of those whose hope is a deceptive, shameful profession).  There are those who foolishly settle for their head knowledge concerning a  "salvation" not found in the Bible, all the while stumbling over the Rock, rejecting a living relationship with HIM.  Cherishing rather a profession that accommodates their unrepentant lifestyle, having a non-submissive heart to the Word and to the Holy Spirit, being bereft of personally knowing HIM.  With no light to direct their eye to be single, they have no LIFE to enjoy IN HIM;  they have no clue concerning REAL LIFE that comes by waiting on HIM.  Waiting with the eye single will have some spiritual savoring effects on the life.  It's been said, "To know Christ is the greatest joy, to follow Him is the greatest pursuit, to glorify Him is our greatest goal" (Steven Lawson).  Knowing Christ, and not just "knowing about him" begins with a "union of the soul with God, a real participation of the divine nature, the very image of God drawn upon the soul, or, in the apostle's phrase, 'It is Christ formed within us'" (Henry Scougal, The Life of God in the Soul of Man, Vintage Puritan Series).  It all comes down to a living relationship as your eye is single, full of HIS light, filled with ONE who gives life.  Charles Hadden Spurgeon give us words most essential to that life in God, "There will be a nearness to Christ that brings humility, happiness, and holiness."  No longer stumbling at the written Word, because the enlivened, regenerated believer is not stumbling at the LIVING WORD, neither taking OFFENSE to the message, or to the messenger.  So, what's the message here:  Let's get out of the dark room of uncertainty, anxiety, unbelief, fear, maybe a false profession, and then let's get real, with real LIFE, HIS LIFE.  Let us then enter into the Master's lighted control room, by taking the step of an "alive in HIM faith."  Born again, spiritual believers are found there, waiting on him, all because of the light and safety given by the EYE IN THE STORM.  Man can never question the words of our Lord: "If thine eye be single, thy whole body shall be full of light."  Oh be sensitive to His Holy Spirit and give answer to the light and life, both found in HIM.  It's true, in a world of darkness, "In him was life, and the life was the light of man."
