---
layout: post
title: Weary?
date: 2020-09-08 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

All God's children get a little weary in their journey in a life lived by faith, and that is the realty of which every believer can identify. The Psalmist David definitely was worn out in his many challenges as he lived for God. That "man after God's own heart" knew where to go for rest when his internal spiritual battery needed a recharge. God had a place of refreshment for him, and the Lord invites you to that place as well. That place is found "in the way" God has for you, the source of refreshment is "the brook" that he has provided before you (Psalm 110:7), and the activity is for those sold out for God, getting thirsty "as a hart panteth after the water brooks, so panteth my soul after thee, O God" (Psalm 42:1). Oh, come to that place which helps you get going again when weary. "He shall drink of the brook in the way" (Psalm 110:7), God's brook in God's way for God's weary. When being "in the way" that the Lord has for you, we do get tired at times, but the Lord has the water of life (John 4:14) for our thirst quench in living for him. When replenished, the outcome is certain, as found in the same verse: "therefore shall he lift up the head." There is not a hint of discouragement anymore, we have our hearts resolved, lifted by his Spirit, desiring to live for him once more. With his resource, we are on the right track again and we know how to get going again. He has the answer for our victory walk in the way; the successful Christian life that the Lord has designed for us. That's our destiny, that will be our success when we keep the Lord before us. Then when exhausted, we can then meet up with the brook in HIS way before us, taking HIS drink, to keep us serving the Lord anew. Wm Jennings Byrant gave us all an important truth for life: "Destiny is not through chance, not a thing to be waiting for, but it is the way maker for those who want a thing to be achieved." Oh, keep the Lord and his destined will before you; HE is the Way (John 14:6), and the WAY Maker who has ordained his predestined life for you to "to be conformed to the image of his son" (Romans 8:29). That's your destiny, coming to you, all through his Word, by his Spirit with his will for his way that is designed for you. He indeed is the Way Maker that has placed that life of faith and victory before our spiritual eyes. Oh, keep that quest before you and don't leave your Christian life to chance. Please do not be waiting for something life-giving to happen in your Christian life by failing to continue on without the Source of life granting that achievement. Then, when tired and struggling, we need to come to the Lord, who is the Brook and the "Water of Life" (Revelation 21:6). There is no doubt that Spiritual life comes to you when His Spirit is alive in you; oh, do not fail in "the acknowledging of the truth which is after godliness" (Titus 1:1). We need God's resource to strengthen us as we journey on in the destiny of God's design, found in his way, living the life of faith for spiritual achievement by abiding in HIM (John 15:1-ff). Our destiny is of course eternal life, leading to glory, and we have a challenge from the Lord. Our challenge is to "fight the good fight of faith" (I Timothy 6:12) in order to attain those spiritual progressive miles on our journey of faith. The reality is this, every soldier gets weary in the battle against the enemies of our faith (the world, the flesh, and the devil), and we need our Captain's (Hebrews 12:2) spiritual field manual (HIS WORD), as well as his R & R for victory. In Paul's exhortation to Timothy, the victory in the battle is found in that same verse, we are admonished to "lay hold on eternal life" (v. 12). Just as the weary Psalmist was replenished by drinking water from the "brook in the way" so was that tired soldier named the Apostle Paul, he got his strength back as he did "lay hold on eternal life." There is no question as to the identity of the BROOK of which we drink, and who the ETERNAL LIFE is on whom we lay hold. The success for achievement concerning your Christian life is the Brook and Life Eternal when we all get weary. Oh, dear child of God do not leave your Christian life to chance, the success of your Christian life will not come by inactivity, live out that which God has purposed for you: HIS LIFE to be LIVED IN. "It is God that worketh IN YOU both to will and to do his good pleasure" (Philippians 2:13). Then, when weary, keep the Lord and his path before you, because there is a brook in the way. Then, when tired in the battle, don't be a dying warrior, keep your faith alive in the fight by laying hold on HIM, Life Eternal. Oh, decide now to invite the Way Maker into your life, keep HIM and his predestined way before you, submit to his will, drink of his water of life at the brook in HIS WAY (not yours), and lay hold on LIFE ETERNAL (not your life) in your "good fight of faith" (1 Timothy 6:12). So, here's the question, "Weary?" May your answer be "Not anymore!"
