---
layout: post
title: After God's Own Heart
date: 2020-08-11 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

If anyone has done some serious Bible reading, the identity of the "man after God's own heart" is readily known; that man was David the Psalmist, who wrote 73 Psalms under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit. Then, if anyone has not only read those "songs" from the heart about God, but asked the Lord to read his own heart with those words of inspiration, and petitioned God to have those words scripted on his heart, that is the beginning of also being a man AFTER God's own heart. The word "after" in that selective phrase concerning David's heart, is a big little word meaning "a joining together with, a following after, a possessing" the heart of God. So, here's the question for us all, concerning David's special identity of having a heart for God: Is that spiritual signature brand limited to him and him alone? Could that be said of you and me as well? Good question, and a serious one at that; the prophet Samuel tells us that God "hath sought him a man after his own heart" (I Samuel 13:14). So, God is in the seeking business for hearts to follow him. That is only possible with the Spirit's work on the heart, assisted by God's grace for our response. With that said, here's another question to help us zero in on "WHO'S WHO" in that distinctive following, having the heart-beat of our Lord. Since God is still seeking hearts to follow him, will we be found of HIM? The Bible tells us that "the eyes of the LORD run to and fro throughout the whole earth, to shew himself strong in the behalf of them whose heart is perfect toward him" (2 Chronicles 16:9). So, God is still seeking for more men after HIS own heart, and the question is, will HE find your heart as David's heart following AFTER HIM? Luke tells us a most important discovery concerning God's search for the man with that unique identity, "I have found David, the son of Jesse, a man after mine own heart, which shall fulfill all my will" (Acts 13:22). Will the Lord find the heart he is looking for when he looks to you, will you have a heart to fulfill HIS will?

What a spiritual truth for us all to not only take notice, but to also to ponder and possess: "a man after God's own heart." David possessed that heart, God's own heart concerning HIS will, and not his own; that is the heart that God is looking for in our lives. Isaiah tells us in simple terms how to have that heart for God, "They seek me daily, and delight to know my ways" (58:2). Knowing God's ways come from knowing God's heart, and my, what beneficial rewards come to us just as they have attached themselves to David. God's heart brought to David HIS ways, and also his wonderful work attended David's life. That "man after God's own heart" designation must have assisted David during his challenging times, when "the LORD will be a refuge in times of trouble" (Psalm 9:9). Those choice words " a man after God's own heart" must have defined his calling in life: since God was in his heart, HE was in every detail of David's life. As he possessed a heart for God, he had a walk with the Living God: "I will walk before the LORD in the land of the living" (Psalm 116:9). Those unique words ascribed to him as a "man after God's own heart" must have challenged him to live up to the God-given expectations placed on him. It all began with his heart: "Let the meditation of my heart be acceptable in thy sight, O LORD, my strength, and my redeemer" (Psalm 19:14). When the "man after God's own heart" came to terms with the heart of God, he knew that when his heart was in the right place, the Lord would guide his life in the right place. David understood that when he had a heart lived for God, he would be found in that very place that God designated for him, the chosen place of God's heart. The place of a heart alive in God: "Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fullness of joy, at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore" (Psalm 16:11). David knew where he wanted to be; it began with his heart being where it needed to be. He knew that when he had a heart lived with God's heart, he would find himself in that very place where the heart of God gave him what all mankind is searching for: "fullness of joy and pleasures for evermore" (v. 11). Oh, have a heart for God, be a man, woman, girl or boy AFTER God's own heart.
