---
layout: post
title: The Christ of Your Crisis 
date: 2020-03-28 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

It has been said, "In times of crisis, facts matter."  When it comes to situations, challenges, and yes the reality of any CRISIS affecting the believer, Scriptural facts do matter.  The Apostle Paul gives us the Holy Spirit inspired Word found in 2 Corinthians chapter 4, speaking of a life "troubled on every side, yet not distressed; we are perplexed, but not in despair' (v. 8).  Here is a context speaking of lives that are experiencing "death working in us, but life in you" as well (v. 12).  How is this death to life transition possible?  The answer is found in verse 7, "But we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of God, and not of us."  Earthen pots do break, and when they do, the excellent power of God (his treasure of life) is released to be at work in our lives.   As born-again believers, we must remember that all of mankind are earthen vessels, pots of clay originally fashioned from the dust of earth: "And God formed man of the dust of the ground" (Genesis 2:7).  God "knoweth our frame, he remembereth that we are dust" (Psalm 103:14).  When the crisis comes to break us, then the Christ comes to build us, as a treasure to us with his unbroken, valuable, precious, powerful presence.  It is only when the clay pot starts cracking and does break, that "the life of Jesus also may be manifest in our mortal flesh" (2 Corinthians 4:11).  Please cherish the pastoral wisdom of Charles Spurgeon as he speaks on the brokenness coming to us all:  "There are some graces which would never be discovered if it were not for your trials"   Brokenness as defined in Scripture is explained as well, teaching us that the end of our self-sufficiency is the beginning of His all-sufficiency.  "Trials are intended to make us think, to wean us from the world, to send us to the Bible, to drive us to our knees" - J. C. Ryle.  It is then and there that broken lives are open to the treasure of his life revealed.  No brokenness will guarantee no revelation; facts do matter! 

You see at times our self-assured armory of strength is no match for the overwhelming crushing crisis coming to you and directly at you. Life situations leave us weary, worn, bruised, and broken, and that's when the building tool of the grace of our Lord is so welcomed.  The life of Christ restores the broken, (Psalm 147:3), with wounds healed in order to live again with new life, his treasured life within.  We are never the same, when our brokenness leaves us with a receptive heart for new beginnings of his graces found in new life in him.  Our brokenness in weakness brings his spiritual life of strength: "For I take pleasure in distresses for Christ's sake; for when I am weak then I am strong," all in the context of "his grace is sufficient for me, for my (Christ's) strength is made perfect in weakness" (2 Corinthians 12:9).  When broken, and coming to Christ for his grace, we glory in our infirmities (our brokenness) "that the power of Christ (his treasure within) may rest upon me: (12:9). 

From broken to being built is all a matter of fact in time of crisis.  This transition is so evident in nature.  Broken soil leads to a joy of harvest.  Broken clouds bring the sound of abundance of rain.  Broken grain turns into loaves of bread for life.  Broken bread satisfies the hungry soul joined in fellowship with the Bread of Life.  Broken alabaster boxes emit the perfume in praise of him most worthy.  So, a treasure reveals its value when the clay pot is broken upon the Rock of all Ages.  Yes, there is the reward of life coming to the broken, now emptied vessel of pride, self driven pursuits, and self promotion.  All of which did leave man empty, and he now comes to that realization when his broken clay vessel comes to terms with the spiritual reality that can only be taught by the Spirit of the Living God.  With HIS understanding, the spiritually illumined man then discovers the only real treasure in life, HIS true preciousness of life, released by HIM, only when broken by HIM.  A treasured life renewed, replenished, refreshed, rewarded, and revived, 
Oh, spend some time with the Real Treasure of Life.  Don't be overwhelmed with the crisis coming at you, the Lord never vacated his throne of sovereign control and never will.  Go to that throne room when your pot is beginning to crack open, then breaking.  He will then direct you to another place, the potter's house, the place of his remaking you into a new vessel.  When broken, allow the Potter to place you on his wheel to make you into a brand new vessel.  Then see for yourself: "He wrought a work on his wheel" (Jeremiah 18:3), his work in you.  When broken, remade, then emptied, the Lord can pour in the unbroken fellowship and workability of the Master Potter.  Then, being a new "vessel unto honor, sanctified,and meet for the master's use, and prepared unto every good work" (2 Timothy 2:21).  So then, dear broken one who has now been treasured with the life of Christ in your new vessel, now unbreakable by the Master Potter, rejoice in the crisis, because of the treasure of Christ revealed.  "My faith rests not in what I am or shall be, or feel, or know, but in who Christ is, in what he has done and what he is doing for me" - Charles Hadden Spurgeon.  Be introduced to the Christ of your crisis, he is the Treasure in your earthen vessel revealed ONLY when broken.  You will then see through the crisis, as he sees you through it, all by treasuring the Christ who sees the end from the beginning, all the while seeing more of the Christ and less of the crisis.