---
layout: post
title: Virtue
date: 2020-05-09 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There is one most important word in Scripture that can bring a definitive, ministering role to motherhood: VIRTUE.   The Bible addresses the role of a woman in the home with that most essential moral quality: "Who can find a virtuous woman?  For her price is far above rubies" (Proverbs 31:10).  When virtue is found in the life of MOM, her virtuous quality in life identifies her in an effective ministering role in the home.  Virtue in the heart will make a lasting impact of virtue in the home for generations to come, directly related to her cherishing the Biblical role as a MINISTERING MOM.  Charles Hadden Spurgeon writes all about that woman serving in that ministering role: "You are as much serving God in looking after your own children, and raising them up in God's fear, and ministering in the home, and making your household a church for God, as you would be if you had been called to lead an army to battle for the Lord of Hosts."  When the mother hears the call from God as a minister of virtue, and accepts that call, there is no calling greater, more fulfilling, more rewarding and yes, more challenging than a mother's ministry of virtue.  Yes, there will be challenges and testings, but the question remains:  "who can find a virtuous woman?"  May the Lord do the finding of virtue in the lives of his believing sisterhood of mothers, as they find HIM, HIS VIRTUE, in his person alive in them.  It is then, and then only that mothers can be ministering servants of virtue, when virtue is found to be ESSENTIAL in the home. 

A mother's ministry of virtue in the home is essential, and the foundation of that virtuous calling is found in God's Word, his LIVING WORD.  "For the word of God is quick (living) and powerful" (Hebrews 4:12), and that's what makes virtue "quick and powerful" in the life of God's woman in the home.  You see, you just can't "tack on" virtue; it has to be a living quality of the one possessing it.  Everything God has done, he has accomplished with his LIVING Word ("and God said" Genesis 1:3), virtuous motherhood included.  We have heard the statement: "God makes the man," and also so true of "God making the woman."  Virtue, the moral goodness found in the life of God, now can be found in the woman of the home, as she lives her godly life IN THE LORD - all through the Holy Spirit.  May every mom choose to live IN the Word daily, taking possession of HIS LIFE as her own.  When the choice is made, the Lord will be at work in her heart to help her to fulfill the satisfying purpose for her life, and then she will find herself cherishing the priorities of HIS LIFE, not her own.  The reason: she sees that the blessing is on the way for the home: the overflow of virtuous motherhood, bringing the opportunity for those little lives also to be transformed into HIS IMAGE.  It begins with the Lord, continues with the Lord, and the calling is fulfilled in the Lord, all through the Word ALIVE in the heart.  Virtue, that living moral goodness of God becomes a living testimony portrayed by MOM as she is LIVING IN THE LORD. "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life" (John 6:63).  All in context of the Spirit "that quickeneth" (v. 63); only the Holy Spirit gives the spiritual life of virtue.   It's all about "Christ is me" and that is so Scriptural.  The Apostle Paul gives us Holy Spirit inspiration regarding that glorious, rich relationship in Christ:  "To whom God would make known what is the riches of the glory of this mystery among the Gentiles; which is Christ in you" (Colossians 1:27).  Please notice the words RICHES and GLORY as they found in the living context of "Christ IN you."   Upon a closer examination, there needs to be a "heart-look" into that intent of Scripture, God's intent, coming from a living bond union with Jesus (vs. a dead religion).  Then, there will no longer be a "mystery" of the "Christ in you" when the riches of a glorious relationship with HIM is known and fully experienced.   When we focus on who Christ is, and what he can present to a mother, for her to be transformed into HIS MAGE, the challenge presents itself.  Who Christ is and the image of who he is, IS presented to the woman in the home, that is key to virtuous motherhood.  With "the express IMAGE OF HIS PERSON" (Hebrews 1:3) together with "being conformed to the image of his Son" (Romans 8:29), mom can live IN and live OUT HIS PERSON in the home by Christ himself, and that's powerful.   Then, the woman in the home can purposely present that image of virtue to those under her care all by the power of the LIVING WORD, Christ himself, alive within.  Then HIS VIRTUE within MOM becomes priority plus; she does not want any other portrayal of any other person, other than the grand and glorious Christ within.   "What Christ has purposed, he will perform.  What Christ has purchased, he will possess.  What Christ has set his heart upon he will secure" (A. W. Pink).  What an attraction: the image of the Virtuous Christ displayed! 

A mother's ministry of virtue in the home is an attraction in the lives so affected by the central figure in the home: the virtuous Christ. Without the ESSENTIAL ONE (Christ in you) there can be no attraction of virtue.  The reason is because there is no possession of real life virtue without possessing Christ of virtue, and HIM possessing YOU.  It stands to reason, with Scripture telling us so, that without possessing Christ and living in the Christ of virtue, there will be no virtue to be lived, period.  When Jesus ministers in lives expressing faith, "virtue went out of him" (Luke 6:19).  A life of living faith in Jesus brings a life full of virtue in Jesus, because virtue goes out of him INTO YOU.  Yes, a living virtue attracts others, just as Jesus, the VIRTUOUS ONE attracted the twelve, and then the disciples' lives and message brought attention to the unsaved world.  Some were so attracted that "they marveled; and they took knowledge of them, that they had been with Jesus" (Acts 4:13).  When mom has been "with Jesus" - living in the Spirit of Christ, what Jesus possesses in virtue will be desired to be possessed by mom, and what Jesus has, is alive, virtuously alive.  May the time in the home be a time of MARVEL for the children "to take knowledge" that mom "has been with Jesus."   If something is living, it will reproduce, and a virtuous life in Christ has HIS power for the Holy Spirit to do some reproducing in the lives of children.   Children have a keen sense of knowing whether something is genuine and real; they are discerning enough to see if a life is real and trustworthy.  Viability of virtue presented by mom alive in the Lord presents "decision time" for that genuine virtue to be claimed by those so influenced. 

A mother's ministry of virtue in the home is marked by INFLUENCE.  George Washington knew exactly the importance of what his mother meant to him: "All I am, I owe to my mother.  I attribute all my success in life to the moral, intellectual, and physical education I received from her."  Backing up in this message, here is a most important review: nothing is more important than virtue and its serving purpose lived out in the ministering role of motherhood.  Virtue is essential, and the question remains: "Who can find a virtuous woman?"  The answer is found in the REAL FIND: "finding yourself" with "Christ in you."   Christ living in you with all of his LIFE changing power of moral goodness, associated with the mystery of the riches of his glory (Colossians 1:27).  Without the ESSENTIAL CHRIST, there can be no essential virtue, and without virtue there can be no attraction given to the children.  Without any attraction of a viable, genuine life in Jesus, there will therefore be no influence.  So, there will just be a dead religious existence of dutiful, heartless "Christianity" that is passed down from mom to the kids (generation to generation of the unsaved: tares amidst the wheat - Matthew 13:25 ff.), without possessing a born-again life in Christ (John 3:3).  The Bible is the answer to living virtue: it is the Spirit that "quickeneth the dead" (Romans 4:17), "and you hath he quickened, who were dead in trespasses and sins" (Ephesians 2:1).  You see it's all about a living, quickened (made alive)  relationship with the Virtuous ONE.  What and who MOM is, and who she is attracted to needs to be carefully, biblically, and spiritually brought before the VIRTUE GIVER of REAL LIFE in the home: the Virtuous Christ.  Yes, may Christ be seen in me, but first, may Christ be LIVED IN ME; the kids can't see HIM if he is not there!  Paul tells us:  "I am crucified with Christ, nevertheless I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me and gave himself for me" (Galatians 2:20).  When a mother's relationship with Christ has the spiritual connection of HIS LIFE, then there is a  virtue connection, a living one.  Then, and then only will there be a virtuous relationship with her children, all in viable view, fruitfully given from the virtuous ONE.   "A mother's relationship with her child is one that will encompass a lifetime.  How blessed is a child who has that anchor of strength and support" (S. Clarkson).  Virtue is so contagious from the receptive heart of the spiritual mom, and when the children see that their mother has been with the Lord, the marvelous stage is set for a virtuous performance of the Spirit's moral goodness in the home.  Result:  Something spiritual is happening here, the Lord is present, we sense his presence and "what a spiritual, happy home in the Lord."  That happy home in the Lord is set in HIS virtuous display by all in the family, and they got it from MOM.  All because MOM got it first from the Spirit of the LIVING VIRTUOUS CHRIST.  The Spirit of HIS moral goodness given, the Spirit of His liberty freeing us from this world's evil assaults on the godly home.  The freedom and liberty of His Holy Spirit given for the possession and expression of VIRTUE, experienced from HIS abiding presence.  "Now the Lord is that Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty" (2 Corinthians 3:17).  So, "who can find a virtuous woman?"  When the mother answers that question by finding that virtue IN HIM, then the "Happy Mother's Day" wishes will be not only given by the children and her husband, but from the Lord himself, whose image is being portrayed by MOM.