---
layout: post
title: Table Grace
date: 2020-07-14 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

As a Christian, saying grace at the table is a daily spiritual activity that believers enjoy in their relationship with the Lord who gives us our daily bread. So, there we are at the table, with all the blessings of which we are thankful, but what brought us there? Grace is the answer, even before saying grace. So, how about the table of which the born-again believer has the privilege of dining with Jesus, in fellowship with him? As Jesus gave invitation to his disciples at the sea of Galilee, he offers the following invite to the disciples of today: "Come and dine" (John 21:12). Just what was it that brought about that dining call back then and what brings that invitation to the believer of all centuries, including YOURS, today?" Grace is the answer, it begins with salvation, all by grace: "For by grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God (Ephesians 2:8-9). Grace is always the answer when it comes to God and the believer in the family of God, and grace is the answer concerning our fellowship with our Lord. Time and time again the Bible tells us: "Grace be to you" (Galatians 1:3, Ephesians 1:2, Philemon 1:3). As believers we have been graced in our relationship with the Father on behalf of the Son, the Lord Jesus Christ. That is the Biblical, workable blessing concerning the grace of God: "That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord" (Romans 5:21). Grace given and grace reigning on behalf of another, brings a life coming alive; yes, all by grace given on behalf of another, Jesus our Lord. There is an Old Testament story of grace; it is the story of Mephibosheth who was shown grace on behalf of another, and was invited to the table of the king, King David. "David said unto him, Fear not: for I will surely shew thee kindness FOR Jonathan thy father's sake ... and thou shalt eat bread at my table continually" (2 Samuel 9:7).

Grace brought Mephibosheth to the table on behalf of another, Jonathan, and grace gave him a permanent seat when dining with the family of the King. David assured him, "thou shalt eat bread at my table continually" (v. 7). In this story, David brought this young man to the family table, who had nothing favorable to offer on his own; in fact, he was crippled, "lame on his feet" (v. 3). My, what a picture of our sinful state, and that's where Jesus finds us, crippled because of sin. In this marvelous story of grace, we see that "King David sent, and fetched him" (v. 5) and brought him to the place at the table of grace. Isn't that just like our Lord in FETCHING us: "For the Son of man is come to seek and to save that which was lost" (Luke 19:10). So, what was the response of this crippled man who had been invited to the family table, all by grace?" He was overwhelmed with gratitude, all the while being aware of his unworthiness, and "He fell on his face, and did reverence" (v. 6). So, there's the response of every believer when grace has taken him from being a crippled outcast to become a child of the King, seated at the table of our Lord. So, grace gives us what we do not deserve, grace places us in a position that we could never achieve on our own, and grace seats us in a place on behalf of a payment (the blood of Jesus shed on the cross) of which we could never repay. When the marvelous grace of our loving Lord finds its miraculous, divinely designed place in our heart, there is only one response: grace evokes the praise that only a seated with Christ (Ephesians 2:6), crippled man can give: SPIRITUAL WORSHIP. So, that's the Mephibosheth story of grace, and it can be our story. Now, take a good look at your crippled state because of sin, then take a new appreciative view of God's grace, possess a repentant belief in the Savior, and take your seat in fellowship and dine with your Savior. "Behold, I stand at the door, and knock: if any man hear my voice, and open the door, I will come in to him and will SUP with him, and HE WITH ME" (Revelation 3:20). Oh, come to the table of grace, grace brings you there, grace finds you there, grace keeps you there, and grace is the dining experience with the One who "giveth more grace" (James 4:6). Jesus still offers the invitation: "Come and dine" (John 21:12) at the TABLE OF GRACE.
