---
layout: post
title: The Author of the New
date: 2020-01-08 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Let us all take a moment to reflect on the ONE who has blessed us with a new year. In fact, the Lord who is the Author of everything new offers the "new store" (Leviticus 26:10) for the new year - to his own. So, what exactly is "in store" for the family of God? Answer: Only the Lord knows exactly what is ahead of us, but as as a child of God, the Lord desires to reveal the newness as our days unfold before us. You, see, as Christians, in preparation for the newness that God has for us, coming to us in the uncharted new year before us, we do know something already about God's newness for us. Please think in terms of the wonderful newness that the born-again believer already does possess: you are a new creation in Christ with all things becoming new, (II Corinthians 5:17), so we can anticipate the new life God has for us. As believers, we understand that there is the creation of the new man within us (Ephesians 4:24), so we can then journey on with a new awareness with God concerning our new walk (Romans 6:4), experiencing new sights of spiritual ventures. "For it is written, eye hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man, the things which God hath prepared for them that love him" (I Corinthians 2:9). So, into the new year we go, with the One who creates in you a new heart (Ezekiel 36:26) to experience it all directly from the Author of the new, every new day. That's a grace-filled package of newness delivered to us all moment by moment with the One who desires for us let go of the past and "run with patience the race that is SET before us" (Hebrews 12:1). You see, the Lord does the setting of the race (not us), and we do the running in the newness of Holy Spirit power for that newly challenging track God has laid for us. Only the Lord is the One who "maketh all things new" (Revelation 21:5) in our new year's journey, with the "steps ordered by the Lord" (Psalm 37:23), to make our way prosperous (Genesis 24:21). Only the Lord could make that new path inviting for the servant of God walking ("being in the way" v. 27) in his new life. It's great to have a new start for every new day of the new year! Now, as we enter into this new year, let us remind ourselves that we do not have to bogged down with the memory of our past, failure or even our success. Scripture tells us so: "Forgetting those things which are behind, and reaching forth unto those things which are before" (Philippians 3:13). We do not have to live with the distraction of the yesterdays of our yesteryear, rather, we are at liberty looking to, and are attracted to the prospect of the new, as we "press toward the mark for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus" (v. 14). Let the Author of all newness encourage you in your new beginnings this year as he "rights" the story of your coming days with his newness alive in you.
