---
layout: post
title: Dirty Feet?
date: 2020-11-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Searching for a joyful walk in life? Please do not miss the most wonderful journey for your life available, walking in step with your JOYFUL LORD? Well, the Biblical reality is this: dirty feet make it impossible for a blessed (happy) relationship with HIM, and for that matter one with another. Here's the good news: even though the Christian does experience that everyday sinful grime getting attached to those feet of his, he can still enjoy that blessed walk IF he comes to the basin of water and cleansing that our Lord has available. Yes, a joyful walk in fellowship with him is a Bible truth that we cannot live the Christian life without. God's fellowship of joy is so essential for every Christian, and HIS local body - the church. Jesus illustrated this truth, setting the example to his strife ridden disciples who were vying for greatness with each other in the upper room (Luke 22:24). Humility surpassed pride that day as "he riseth from supper and poureth water in into a basin and began to wash the disciples' feet" (John 13:5). What Jesus did at that Last Supper epic event was more than a customary practice performed by a host during those Bible days. The humble SERVANT JESUS was then and there identified as the TEACHING JESUS revealing himself as the CLEANSING JESUS, for them to be in communion with the FELLOWSHIPPING JESUS receiving happiness from the JOYFUL JESUS. "Happy are ye if ye do them" (v. 17) was a most profound truth spoken when this eventful, meaningful activity was taking place in Biblical history. The spiritual lesson being portrayed with the water and the basin by the CLEANSER was addressed to the disciples, including Peter who initially negated the idea of his Master fulfilling that humble act. The Lord then told him, "If I wash thee not, thou hast no part with me" (v. 8). Then, when Peter asked Jesus for a total "head to toe" bath, the Lord responded, "He that is washed (saved and forgiven) needeth not save to wash his feet but is clean every whit" (v. 10). In essence, Jesus was telling Peter, as well as every disciple, "Yes, I'm your Savior, and I forgave all your sin that day of your salvation (2 Corinthians 6:2), but If you don't let me take care of the daily dirt of unconfessed sin, we can't have joyful fellowship with each other." Here's a thought-provoking question: "Would you walk into a family member's home with muddy shoes?" Of course not! Let's take it to a most spiritual level, "How about the church house filled with God's family, would you drag your dirt in there?" Once again, God forbid. Okay, now let's bring the foot washing teaching to a Biblical, spiritual reality with this question: "Would you walk into the Lord's house with unconfessed dirt on your spiritual feet?" That certainly would destroy the whole joyful atmosphere intended by our Lord and would also expose the carnal believer's assumptive claim of Psalm 122:1: "I was glad when they said unto me, let us go into the house of the Lord." You see, the church house is HIS HOUSE, a set-apart (holy) house for joyful worship of our Lord by joy-filled believers. The cleansed footed believer can "make a joyful noise unto the LORD (and can) serve the LORD with gladness (and will) come before his presence with singing" (Psalm 100:1-2). Oh yes, God does address dirty, dusty feet, and HAS to deal with sin because the Lord is holy and just, but he is also a merciful Foot Washer. Thomas Watson writes, "it is the mercy of God that sweetens all the other attributes of God." When the sweetness of his mercy meets up with the believer confessing his sin before a holy God, that sweetness reveals itself in a joyful a relationship with the Lord and with each other. His mercy that is issuing the cleansing on the basis of his blood (I John 1:7-9) begets joy anew for life anew, with power anew for a walk anew in fellowship anew. No longer is a death sentence forged in the workings of the soul or in fellowship, all on the basis of a "washing of regeneration and renewing of the Holy Ghost" (Titus 3:5). So, humbly welcome the Savior when he riseth and poureth water in the basin to wash your dirty feet.
