---
layout: post
title: The Wonder of It All
date: 2020-12-12 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The lyrics penned in the hymn entitled "The Wonder of it All" (Shea) are words given in song for the redeemed. His coming celebrated at this seasonal time is all about Jesus, the Wonder of it all. With his coming as a babe, his wonder has, is, and will continually fill the joyful heart of the redeemed. Let's pause and reflect on the wonder, his wonder, being the WONDER of it all. The wonder of the Lord did not begin in Bethlehem's manger, the Wonder always was dwelling in eternity. Then, the Wonder broke out of eternity and into time as "the Word was made flesh and dwelt among us, and we beheld his glory, the glory of the only begotten of the Father, full of grace and truth" (John 1:14). The Apostle then tells us "of his fullness all we received, and grace for grace" (v. 16). So, who then can fully appreciate the "Wonder of it all?" That wonder has come to "as many as received him, to them gave he power to become the sons of God, even to the that believe on his name. Which were born, not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God" (vs. 12-13). When born of the Spirit, the believer can sing "the wonder of wonders that thrills my soul is the wonder that God loves me" (Shea). God's love prompted the cross (John 3:16) that sealed the repentant believer's salvation. Then, when born-again (John 3:3), HE becomes the real WONDER of your life, the Wonder of it all.

The wonder of the virgin birth brought to man the Wonder of it all. Isaiah prophesied of that wonder: "Therefore the Lord himself shall give you a sign; behold, a virgin shall conceive, and bear a son, and shall call his name Immanuel" (7:14). Here's the importance of the wonder of his virgin birth. If Jesus had been born of an earthly father, he would have inherited the sinful nature of man. Scripture is clear: "Wherefore as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so, death passed upon all men for all have sinned" (Romans 5:12). Jesus came to earth without even a taint of sin, because he was born of a virgin as the angel proclaimed, "The Holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Highest shall overshadow you" (Luke 1:34-35). Oh, rejoice in the Biblical truth that Jesus came as the Son of God, born of virgin with the sinless nature of His Father. Yes, rejoice in the purity of the virgin birth, which expresses the babe's sinless nature of his Father. Then with the divine qualification of being the spotless Lamb of God (1 Peter 1:18-19), the redemptive plan was executed: "He hath made him to be sin for us who knew no sin, that we might be made the righteousness of God in him" (2 Corinthians 5:21). It's all about his righteous, substitutionary work on the cross and not our good works outweighing our sinfulness that grants us heaven. "Not by works which we have done, but according to his mercy he saved us, by the washing of regeneration, and renewing of the Holy Ghost" (Titus 3:5). Jesus, the Savior is the Wonder of it all by granting us HIS righteousness for our salvation (1 Corinthians 1:30). Therein is the wonder of his marvelous, miraculous salvation.

The Wonder of it all offers his wonderful salvation to all; "He is the propitiation for our sins: and not for ours only but also for the sins of the whole world" (I John 2:2). The Apostle John recorded the words of our Lord, "Ye must be born-again" (John 3:3). Jesus came with the offer of life: "In him was life, and the life was the light of men" (John 1:4). It is only when the repentant believer is awakened by the Light that he is given new life in Christ. The wonder of life has come, HE has enlightened the one once darkened by sin, and given him spiritual eyes to see HIM as the Wonder of it all, receiving HIS NEW LIFE of wonder. The one once blinded can now rejoice as the blind man who had his eyes opened by the Lord: "One thing I know, that whereas I was blind, now I see" (John 9:25). The wonder of the new birth brings an eye opening, new appreciation for the One who has come "to seek and to save that which was lost" (Luke 19:10). There is not one he cannot save, and there is no one that he will not save when responding to his invitation. Jesus preached, "Repent and believe the gospel" (Mark 1:15). "The Lord is ... not willing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance" (2 Peter 3:9). "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved" (Romans 10:13). Oh, the day of man's salvation sets him on a journey of wonder revealed by the Wonder of it all.

The Wonder of it all reveals the wonder of his Word. "Every recorded word he spoke has been studied, sifted, and analyzed from generation to generation by theologians, philosophers, and historians" (Rogers). At this very moment HIS pastors possessing the call of God, not only have the Word written on the tables of their heart, but are in the wonder of its study for pulpit proclamation. The reason: the wonder of the Word has made its marvelous penetration into that heart now alive with the call of God. The urgency of the preaching the Word comes down to its Holy Spirit origination as well as the preacher's obligation. God's inspired Word assures us: "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God" (John 1:1). That portion of Scripture gives answer to the question, "Why is the one called by the ONE so careful, cautious, and concerned in his preaching and teaching of the Word of God? As the answer is certain, the man of God covets his charge to keep: "I charge thee therefore before God, and the Lord Jesus Christ who shall judge the quick and the dead at his appearing and his kingdom; preach the word" (2 Timothy 4:1-2). Jesus is the Wonder of his Word, for the Word IS GOD. "Everything God is, Jesus is. Everything God has, Jesus has. Everything God does, Jesus does. Jesus is God, fully God" (Rogers). Jesus is the Living Word who has given us the written Word that makes us ALIVE in the WORD. Then, the Wonder of the Word brings the conclusion to the matter of "speaking the truth in love, (that we) may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ" (Ephesians 4:15). It all begins with the Word bringing salvation; then, as being enlightened in life by him IN THE WORD, the Wonder of it all brings new life in you. "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature" (2 Corinthians 5:17), and being "in Christ" brings IN the Wonder. Question, "What is the wonder of YOUR ALL?
