---
layout: post
title: A Claim in His Name
date: 2020-03-03 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

One of the greatest truths in Scripture is that the God of the Word answers prayer on the basis of the authority of His Word. What confidence this brings to the Christian and then what encouragement is given to enhance his prayer life! Prayers brought before the Lord, are listened to, are then answered when the requests are made in accordance to his will. Oh, how true, and most assuring because His Word is true as He is true (Romans 3:4). Answered prayer is all on the basis of his Word when requests are prayed in the authority of the name of our Lord. "If ye ask anything in my name, I will do it" (John 14:14). We can rest in the Biblical truth that the answers are ushered forth from His gracious, decisive throne because of "a name which is above every name" (Philippians 2:9), and not founded on any merits of our own. Therein is the power of the Word to help us launch "a claim in His name" prayer life. "And the LORD said unto Moses, Is the LORD's hand waxed short? thou shalt see now whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not" (Numbers 11:23). Words so spoken "unto thee" in context with God's intervention in the lives and needs of his people. You see, everything God does, he executes and accomplishes it according to His Word. Since God told Moses that the LORD'S hand is not waxed short, here's the question, "Just in what way does God demonstrate it so?" It is seen in the keeping power of His Word. Scripture tells us so: "know now that there shall fall unto the earth nothing of the word of the LORD, which the LORD spake" (2 Kings 10:10). Our prayers are based on the Scriptural invitation to "ask" with the promising result of "ye shall receive" (Matthew 7:8). "If ye ask anything in my name, I will do it" (John 14:14). As God wills it to be in his name and on the basis of his name (as he would have it so), then the answers are on their way, because it is for His name's sake. Then, he names the request as "ANSWERED!" As an obedient son speaks to His Father, let us "continue in prayer, and watch in the same with thanksgiving" (Colossians 4:2). During your next season or time in prayer, as your are praying in His name, why not thank Him ahead of time for the answers to your prayers. The reason: he fulfills those requests according to his will, and thereby, the answers are on their way. The underlying guarantee is given to us on the verity of his Word. The Lord tells us to "call unto me and I will answer thee, and show thee great and mighty things which thou knowest not" (Jeremiah 33:3). Since the promise of the answers to our prayers is based on the foundation of his Word, we can continue in prayer with the joyful expectancy of the Lord taking care of our requests. "Thou shall see NOW whether my word shall come to pass unto thee or not" (Numbers 11:23). Oh, what were your requests to your Lord again? Yes, you know them, but more importantly God knows them, and answers them according to his will, his timing, and his loving care for you. Here's a prayer, ask God to renew your spirit of prayer, because the Word of God assures us of His answers. Oh, start praying anew and be reminded that He will always be the Father who gives answer to his son. Praying in his name will bring answers according to his name. The final answer for the answers to prayer is always based on His Word!
