---
layout: post
title: Redemptive Love
date: 2020-06-16 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There is a Biblical doctrine that all of God's people will cherish in time and throughout all eternity: REDEMPTION. There is no Bible subject that can enrich the soul of the redeemed more than that of the Lord's purchase of man's soul by his redemptive blood. "Jesus Christ, who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify unto himself a peculiar people, zealous of good works" (Titus 2:14). Redemption, meaning that Jesus paid the price, the ransom price for those sold under sin. With his blood, Jesus purchased the repentant sinner from off the slave market of sin. "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins, according to the riches of his grace" (Ephesians 1:7). The praise-worthy doctrine of redemption will continue to be a theme of which to sing throughout eternity: "And they sung a new song, saying, thou art worthy to take the book, and to open the seals thereof, for thou wast slain, and hast redeemed us to God by thy blood out of every kindred, and tongue, and people and nation" (Revelation 5:9). It took redemptive love for his redeeming blood to be shed on the cross for man bound in sin; that was the marvelous soul saving work of our Redeemer.

Redemption, a work of God that is blood inclusive concerning the price paid for the repentant sinner's release from sin's bondage. Redemption, the power of God at work to liberate the sinner with the payment of the blood shed on Calvary's cross. Redemption, his "deliverance from the power of darkness, and (hath) translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son" (Colossians 1:13). Redemption, the purchase of a possession for a new purpose, living for the glory of the Redeemer (1 Corinthians 6:20). The doctrine of redemption speaks of the Biblical truth concerning the price paid, namely the blood of the Redeemer, paying for the sinner's removal from off the auction block of sin. There is a completeness of the transaction concerning the price paid in the ransom - for the repentant sinner no longer to be held bound. The Biblical word ransom is none other than the noun form of the verb "redeem." Jesus is the "Ransomer" who paid the price for those held captive in sin and self, now "set free, indeed" (John 8:32). Liberated from the penalty of sin by his blood; liberated from the power of sin by a confessed walk in the blood; liberated from the presence of sin as we are ushered into the presence of the One who will reveal his nailed scarred hands. Redemption, the Biblical doctrine that speaks of the blessing, and no longer of the curse found in Scripture.

Redemption, the curse is gone, because the cross has come, and with it came the shed blood of Christ. "Christ hath redeemed us from the curse of the law, being made a curse for us; for it is written, cursed is everyone that hangeth on a tree" (Galatians 3:13). Jesus has satisfied the demands of the law, of which we could not fulfill, because of our fallen sinful nature. He took our sin, and was made a curse for us in our sin, and forgave it ALL on the basis of his redemptive blood. So, no more are we under the curse of the law. The law says that the sinner is guilty, but the Word says, "being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus" (Romans 3:24). The law says you broke the law and you have no right standing with God; the Bible says Jesus kept the law for you "that we might be made the righteousness of God in him" (2 Corinthians 5:21). The law says you are a sinner, but Jesus is the Savior and "is faithful and just to forgive us" (I John 1:9). The law says, you are headed for hell, Jesus says, not any more, you're on the way to a place I have prepared for you (John 14:2). The law says you are a wretched man (Romans 7:24), the Bible says you WERE a wretched man, and now being a new creation alive in Christ Jesus (2 Corinthians 5:17). Why? How is this all possible? "Forasmuch as ye know, ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold from your vain conversation, received by tradition from your fathers. But with the precious blood of Christ, as a lamb without blemish and without spot" (1 Peter 1:19). Now, as Jesus has loved you, and redeemed you by his blood, love the Lord and others with the Spirit's fruit of love as you abide in him (John 15:1-ff). "Seeing ye have purified your souls in obeying the truth through the Spirit unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently" (v. 22). Totally impossible without being born-again of the Spirit, because without the Spirit there will be no Spirit's fruit of love. Only born-again, Biblical, doctrinal, and Spirit-filled believers enjoy loving God and others because they are no longer on the slave market of sin and self; THEY ARE REDEEMED by the blood of the lamb. "Being born again not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God, which liveth and abideth forever" (1 Peter 1:23). Oh, join in with the song writer, who has a song for the repentant believer to sing: "Redeemed, how I love to proclaim it, redeemed by the blood of the Lamb" (Fanny Crosby).
