---
layout: post
title: Genuine and Glorious
date: 2020-11-3 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

We have before us a Biblical account of the nation Israel refusing God's theocratic rule and asking the prophet Samuel for a king to reign over them. It was actually a rebellious demand fomenting from hearts so very distanced from the Lord: "Ye said unto me, nay but a king shall rule over us, when the LORD your God was your king" (I Samuel 12:12). As the Biblical narrative unfolds, we see the prophet Samuel leading the nation to acknowledge their sin of rejecting the Lord's kingly rule over them. He does this by entreating the Lord to send "thunder and rain, that ye may perceive and see that your wickedness is great, which ye have done in the sight of the LORD in asking you a king" (v. 17). Yes, God's intervention was convincing enough for them to turn eyes back to the Lord. The reason: thunder and rain at that time, in that part of the country just was not a natural occurrence, it never rains during wheat harvest. Through the power of God brought on by prayer, the people of God would now see that God's authority superseded the rule of man, all through God answering the prophet's request. In simple terms, Samuel is telling them that no king can control the weather, only the Lord has that power. The lesson to God's people: HE alone is Almighty and is in control and needs to be in control of their lives. Oh, how applicable this context is as it relates to a people rejecting the rule of God by placing their trust in human rule. A nation is on a slippery slope when side stepping God's foundational, Word principled leadership. God's design of rule for a people has always been through his Word implanted in the heart by his Holy Spirit. Getting back to the story, the people of God then acknowledged the power of God through prayer: "And all the people said unto Samuel, pray for thy servants unto the LORD thy God that we die not: for we have added unto all our sins this evil to ask us a king" (v.19). Yes, prayer is seen in the context, beckoning the power for God to forgive the sin of placing trust in man's rule instead of supreme trust in the sovereign, powerful rule of God. Then, since the kingly rule of man was not to be undone, but established, the people had only one recourse, they asked the prophet to pray for God to work through their blunder. Samuel did pray: "Moreover, as for me, God forbid that I should sin against the LORD in ceasing to pray for you, but I will teach you the good and the right way" (v.23). Prayer has always been the answer for the people of God seeking his intervention of "the good and the right way" concerning HIS spiritual rule. So, let's bring this story home to us with a meaningful message: a vote for the right leader is our moral responsibility, but our prayerful trust must first be in the Lord's sovereign rule over us, especially when evil is prevalent in human government. We must remember that "He ruleth by his power for ever; his eyes behold the nations, let not the rebellious exalt themselves" (Psalm 66:7). In that same context the Psalmist extolled the Lord in prayer concerning his sovereign rule over all: "Blessed be God, which hath not turned away my prayer" (v. 20). So, as in the day of Samuel, so it needs to be in our day: prayer is the essential answer entreating the Lord for his power of rule over the affairs of sinful man, and prayer is so Scripturally essential: "I exhort therefore, that FIRST OF ALL supplications, prayers ... be made for all men, for kings, and for all that are in authority, that we may lead a quiet and peaceable life in all godliness and honesty" (I Timothy 2:1-2). So, concerning the rule that God wants over us, "first of all pray!"

Principles to consider while praying over your vote: 1) The dignity of the unborn, 2) The importance of the traditional family, 3) Religious freedom, 4) Human rights and upholding justice, and 5) The right to make a living without governmental regulation.
