---
layout: post
title: Risen Indeed 
date: 2020-04-11 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Happy Resurrection day!  This day that gave us the victory shout: "The Lord is risen indeed" (Luke 24:34).  The proclamation of "HE IS RISEN" (Matthew 28:7) echoed out of that empty tomb, and sounded in the ear of faith as most glorious news, to every believer of all time.  "They found the stone rolled away from the sepulchre" (Luke 24:2).  Then they heard ""He is not here, but is RISEN" (v. 6).  "HE IS RISEN" now fills us with such spiritual excitement, making HIS Resurrection Day to become OUR resurrection day; "Because I live, ye shall live also" (John 14:16).  A day most marvelous, miraculous, and momentous, giving us life giving hope, life sustaining joy, life enduring love, and a life experience of personal fellowship with the One who is RISEN INDEED!  This day celebrated by Christians all over the world commemorates that historical and epic Biblical event when "death could not keep its prey, he tore the bars away, Jesus my Savior" (Robert Lowry).  He was "declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the Spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead" (Romans 1:4).  This day has to be on all accounts the most promising day for every believer past, present, and future.  Jesus tells us the reason for this day being of utmost importance, "Because I live, ye shall live also" (John 14:19).  Imagine that; rather, rejoice in THAT, being joyful in that REALITY OF LIFE, his life given to you as a true believer, now empowering you to live forever.  The reason for that joy: the greatest need for everyone is life, and its continuance, and the life given matter of it all is this, ETERNAL LIFE is given by the One who is ETERNAL.  It was Jesus who said "because I live, ye shall live also."  As HE LIVES, we also do live and shall live!  God's Word tells us so and  is so promising, so powerful, so personal, so take it to heart: "because YE shall live also."  Cherish the words of the Apostle John, "He that hath the Son, hath the life" (I John 5:12).  Claim the promising words of the Apostle Paul, "If the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken our mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you" (Romans 8:11).  Most of all, cling to the words of our Lord Jesus, "I am the resurrection and the life, he that believeth in me, though he were dead, yet shall he live.  And whosoever liveth and believeth in me shall never die" (John 11:25-26).  Imagine that, no, REJOICE IN THAT; it's real, for HE IS RISEN INDEED.

Resurrection day, a day of expectant hope.  Holy Spirit inspiration gives us that confident expectancy (the biblical definition of hope).  "In hope of eternal life, which God, that cannot lie, promised before the world began" (Titus 1:2).  This is not a "hope so" salvation, but a "know so" salvation, an assured, confident "promise" from God "that cannot lie."  This day set aside is a day to celebrate LIFE that has been given to every born-again believer.  To others, its just another Easter Sunday, dismissing its real biblical, spiritual significance, and effect that could be made on their eternal souls.  To us who know the Lord, it is a day of confident, biblical hope based on the resurrected Christ who paid the price of sin on Calvary's cross.  The Father can never punish the repentant believer for sin, no punishment can ever be adjudicated again on the repentant sinner who has placed his trust in HIM, because "Jesus paid it all, all to him I owe.  Sin had left a crimson stain, and He washed me white as snow" (Elvina Hall).   That's my hope, that's your hope, that's our only hope.  Therefore, this resurrection day is a day to rejoice in the ever living, never ending life giving message of the One who proclaimed: "because I live, ye shall live also."  Yes, down from the cross he was taken, to be buried in that cold, darkened and borrowed tomb.  Then after three days and three nights "up from the grave he arose with a mighty triumph o'er his foes" (Lowry).  He lives, yes the risen, living Christ is alive forevermore, and never to die again.  The tomb is empty and will remain so: EMPTY.  So dear Christian, he lives, so rejoice, for "the hope which is laid up for you in heaven" (Colossians 1:5), protected by the "God of all hope" who fills you with "joy and peace in believing" (Romans 5:13).  REJOICE IN THAT; it's real, for HE IS RISEN INDEED.

Resurrection day, a day of life sustaining joy.  Ask the average person what they really want in life and the answer most likely will be, LIFE: I want life, a joyful life, a happy life.  The resurrected life of Jesus is waiting to usher into the repentant believer; yes LIFE, HIS LIFE.  God's life is given  to a repentant sinner, one coming to the Savior for forgiveness, receiving life, exactly that: LIFE.  John W. Peterson has composed the classic hymn, words of which came from the heart of one who met up with the life of the resurrected One.  "New life in Christ, abundant and free.  What glories thine, what JOYS are mine, what wondrous blessings I see.  For in Christ I have found new life."  New life that only Jesus can give.  Being religious won't give you life, being a church member will not give you life either.  It comes only from above, "Ye must be born again" (meaning born from above, born of his Spirit, John 3:3).  If you have it, you know it, because you know HIM and he knows you.  "The Spirit itself beareth witness with our spirit that we are the children of God" (Romans 8:16).  With the presence of his Spirit we then know his joy because new life is in CHRIST, and HE IS THE JOYFUL CHRIST!  "In thy presence is fullness of joy" (Psalm 16:11).  It's all a matter of knowing the living, resurrected JOYFUL Christ.  "Therefore if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature, old things are past away, behold (meaning: "look at this") all things are become new" (2 Corinthians 5:17).  "Behold" a life filled with "all things" in newness certainly has an attraction and beckons a call to "look at this" - there's new life in that person.  You see, it's all about the resurrected life of Christ within, his Spiritual life of sustaining joy ("the fruit of the Spirit is joy" Galatians 5:22).  May your spiritual heart be filled with his joy as you yield to the Spirit of the Resurrected Christ,  Joined in Spirit with the One who is the "Alive Forevermore Christ" living in you, who were once dead in sin, and now have his joyful life within (Please read Ephesians 2:1-9).  When the resurrected Christ gives you a new creation within, folks will behold a new creation (countenance) without.  What a joy to behold: JOY in the life of a saved sinner, no longer a dead, bitter, joyless, angry, critical, and judgmental "Christian," because the judgment of sin has been meted out on the cross, and the tomb is empty, and the joy of the EVER LIVING ONE now lives within a NEW CREATION in Christ.  The Bible speaks of "joy and beholding your order" (Colossians 2:5).  So what's the "order of the day" - this Resurrection day?  His new life gives us an order of joy, TO THEN SHARE it with your brother in Christ.  REJOICE in that; it's real, for HE IS RISEN INDEED.

Resurrection day, a day of experiencing the loving and abiding presence of the EVER LIVING ONE.  We all know the song, "Because He Lives."  Yes, "because He lives I can face tomorrow" in these uncertain days.  "Because He lives, all fear is gone" in the life of the believer, when all the while fear is dominating the hearts of those who know not the Sovereign One.  Yes, the Sovereign One who is in control of the world, and could be in control of THEIR personal world within if they would only "Repent and believe!"  Because He lives, his presence is with the believer and "I know he holds the future, and life is worth the living just because He lives."  Life is not over, life does not cease just because the world is dying and crumbling before our very eyes.  Life goes on, because the living Christ goes on, lives on - in our lives.  His presence makes all the difference; we are not alone in facing tomorrow.  But how about our yesterdays, the past?  How about our today, the present?  The past as well as the present may trouble us as much as the unknown tomorrows, and that's where the presence of Christ who is "the same yesterday, today and for ever" (Hebrews 13:8) comes to us with his loving, abiding, and comforting presence. The past (where you were, what has transpired), the present (where you are now, what you are going through), and future (what shall be) does not define us; your life in Christ explains the meaning of who you are:  "Your life is hid with Christ in God" (Colossians 3:3).  Life is all about the ever living Christ IN YOU, who tells you who you are; he defines you and your life, and HIM ALONE.  So then, it's you and the Lord who then tells you: "I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee" (Hebrews 13:5),.  Here's a closing verse to cherish in your personal walk with your Lord:  "That I may know him and the power of his resurrection" (Philippians 3:10).  All in context of his presence in empowering you as you are "forgetting those things that are behind (past), and reaching forth (present) unto those things which are before" (future, 3:13).  Resurrection day, what a day, a day to be filled with the presence of the Ever Living One, to take care of the entirety of your past life, your present life, and your life in the future, now ETERNAL.  The power for life : "The Lord is risen indeed" (Luke 24:34).  The promise for life: "Because I live, ye shall live also" (John 14:9).  The presence of life: "Christ liveth in me" (Galatians 2:20).  His life was not bound to or by the grave, neither is yours.  May the emptiness of that tomb bring the fullness of His life resurrected there.  Resurrected life in you; his life that is hopeful, joyful and loving with his presence - continually, eternally.  Life in him is "abundant life" (John 10:10) promised by him, coming to you from him, given by him, experienced with him in a living, loving relationship of the One who is RISEN INDEED.  That's what this day is all about, so HAPPY RESURRECTION DAY to you!  His resurrection makes this day a joyful day - every  day, so REJOICE in that, with the ONE who is RISEN INDEED.