---
layout: post
title: He Is
date: 2020-02-02 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

FAITH, is a most important Biblical subject; we read all about it from the BOOK, we meditate on it with our hearts, and then we live it from our souls. We can't live the Christian life without it - faith. Yes, Biblical faith, so necessary, is spread richly throughout the pages of Scripture for us then to take notes upon the spiritual tablet of our heart. It certainly is a blessing to read of those who lived their lives of faith, so strong, in their many various and extraordinary circumstance in which they had found themselves - never alone. The belief and practice of their resolute faith in their abiding Lord brought in the character of their lives so honored, because their live's purpose was all about a life pleasing HIM. "By faith, Abel offered unto God a more excellent sacrifice" (Hebrews 11:4). "By faith Enoch ... had this testimony that he pleased God" (v. 5), and the list goes on. BY FAITH is the message repeated and given to us throughout this great chapter on faith, giving us the theme of a pleasing life lived unto our Lord.. The central verse of this chapter tells us exactly that, "But without faith it is impossible to please him, for he that cometh to God must believe that HE IS ..." (v. 6). "HE IS" - what a most interesting word structure in this context on faith. In commenting on the "he is" emphasis, there is a most important correlation of faith to a life that is pleasing to the Lord when "HE IS." He is more than an existing God, HE IS our exemplary God. Explanation please: when our total being is alive in the most important relationship with the most important person in our lives (our Lord), then our Christianity is the tell tale sign that it's all about HIM, and not about who we are, or what our natural mind imagines our Christianity to be, Our faith then blends in with our brothers and sisters of Hebrews eleven when it is all about who HE IS. You see, "HE IS" my Lord, he is my rock, he is my guide, he is One I want to please, he is the one in whom I trust, he is the one with whom I am in fellowship, that I look to, that I love. WHY? Answer, it is all about the first commanding law of spiritual life, loving the Lord with all our heart, soul, and mind (Mark 12:30), a life of faith, loving the Lord, because HE IS. Now how about a chapter of faith written by the Lord concerning you, to be published, read and then appreciated by a most interested spiritually minded reader! Men and women of faith are avid readers of spiritual lives of faith, and then take note when the Lord is doing his spiritual workmanship in our fellowship, writing on the tablet of our hearts. Yes, the Lord is the author of our faith (Hebrews 12:2); he is in the writing business of our lives and for our lives (2 Corinthians 3:2-3). God is quite the biographer when it comes to writing about the person of his Holy Spirit living in you, of whom you are, of whom you belong, and of whom you are becoming. "Forasmuch as ye are manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered by us, written not with ink, but with the Spirit of the living God" (v. 3). When the Lord takes the pen of the Spirit, engraving His image within the heart, that epistle comes alive with heaven's imprint! The good news is that God desires to write something special: "Extra, extra, read all about it!" The reader's interest is based on the newsworthiness of the writ, "known & read of all men." Oh, make it so, because "Ye are our epistle written in our hearts" (v. 2) to be held so dear, all because "HE IS" the One so dear. That's the spiritual message of pleasing faith. Oh, dear child of God, may it be that HE IS the author of your faith's imprint, (His image) on the tables of your heart (v. 3).
