---
layout: post
title: For This Cause
date: 2020-10-06 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's an honest question, "What is your reason for living, or for a more serious, spiritual matter, what is the motivation in your life lived for the Lord?"  May your answer be: the reason for living the life God has given me is all about his grace given me, to live life; namely the cause for my life is GRACE, HIS GRACE for his cause.  The Bible tells us in the Book of Ephesians: "For this cause" which is "the grace of God given" (3:1-2) is the reason for living the life of the believer.  "For this cause" is in the immediate context of the those saved by grace (2:8-9) who are now living in a favorable relationship with the Lord: "in whom ye also are builded together for an habitation of God through the Spirit" (2:22).  Grace defined is God's divine favor available to sinful mankind without their merit or worthiness.  God's grace transforms the repentant believer into HIS image and his grace is life-changing. "Therefore, if any man be in Christ, he is a new creature: old things are passed away, behold, all things are become new" (2 Corinthians 5:17).  That divine favor begins as the repentant sinner is saved by grace: "In whom we have redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of sins according to the riches of his grace" (Ephesians 1:7).  We can now live the Christian life, being obedient to him, all under the favorable cause of grace because of the Graceful One who lives within the believer. "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith, being rooted and grounded in love" (Ephesians 3:17).  As we dwell in HIM, we dwell in the One "full of grace and truth" (John 1:14).  By grace we believe the truth and joyfully live for the truth.  Grace is the answer "and of his fulness have all we received, and grace for grace" (John 1:16).  So, the cause for living your life for the Lord needs to be IN HIS grace, without which we will remain spiritually bankrupt.  When we are resolved to do so, we can then come to the grace-filled moment in our Christians lives and testify, "I am living for my Lord BECAUSE HE has saved me by his grace, and has favored me with the grace-filled "habitation of God through the Spirit" (Ephesians 2:22).  That grace-filled habitation is in HIM, a gracefully designed abiding in HIM, a favorable fellowship in HIM, and a fruitful joyfulness in HIM.  As believers have been graced in the habitation of God through the Spirit, we can all be sharing what grace has done IN US as we fellowship with our brothers and sisters in Christ.  We must remember that our fellowship is blessed with grace given and then shared with others as we all dwell in "the habitation of God through the Spirit" OF GRACE.

Remember the epic encounter when "John (the Baptist) seeth Jesus coming unto him, and saith, Behold the Lamb of God, which taketh away the sin of the world" (John 1:29).  The Biblical narrative speaks of John who "bare witness of him" and then he preaches of "grace and truth (which) came by Jesus Christ" (vs. 15, 17).  That same chapter includes an extension of the grace story involving "two disciples (who) heard him speak and they followed Jesus" (v. 37).  Then, comes the very interesting question that they had asked the Lord, "Master, where dwellest thou?" (v 38).  Imagine being there, at that moment, in the presence of the One "full of grace and truth" who is favoring that immediate audience with Grace personified.  The real question regarding the dwelling of the Lord must not have been the place, but his person.  The reason that they "followed Jesus" (v. 37) was because they wanted to be with GRACE, dwelling WHERE GRACE DWELT - with him.  Yes, they wanted to dwell with the GIVER of grace who had awakened them to a new life, living with HIM in his favor.  The dwelling place was really the person, the grace-dwelt person.  It was a life-changing event and the Lord of grace made their day, predicating a new day for their everyday, to be lived in grace.  So, when we meet up with the One dwelling in grace, who also bestows us with the favor of his presence, the question remains: "Where dwellest thou?"   The answer is found in the "habitation of God through the Spirit" dwelling in us, defined with the Biblical phrase: "for this cause."  The cause is a grace-filled, livable life in our gracious Lord and for our Lord; it's all by his grace, his grace-filled presence dwelling in us.  Now, here's your spiritual assignment, please fill in the blanks: I am living the life God has given me because of _______, and as a professed believer, I am living the Christian life because of _________.   If you haven't yet, allow the grace of God to save you, make you a new creation in Christ, and then assign you to your place in "the habitation of God through the Spirit" - the joyful place of fellowship with HIM and shared with HIS own.  With your place in God's grace-filled habitation of the Spirit, there is abundant grace given to you, and then to be given by you.  Oh, grace others with the grace that God has given you, undeserved favor.  That's a habitation of fellowship gracefully enjoyed by us all, because it's "FOR THIS CAUSE" - His graceful cause.  It's a habitation favorable, livable, and enjoyable by every believer in fellowship WITH THE GOD OF GRACE.