---
layout: post
title: See Him Again
date: 2020-10-13 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Jesus desires to give us something that every believer needs to possess in their everyday lives: HIS JOY. When he told his disciples that in "a little while ... ye shall not see me because I go to my Father" (John 16:16), they were so sorrowful (v. 20). Yes, discouragement set in, but that all turned around when he included something in that same breath of inspiration: "Your sorrow shall be turned into joy." How was that possible? Well, the joyful presence of their Lord would not be instrumental in their discipleship program anymore, but there's more to the story. He said, "I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you" (v. 22). Jesus would come to them again; this time in the power of His Holy Spirit, and would fill the surrendered disciple's heart with HIS joy. So, what is in that message to us as born-again believers? Here it is: don't live in discouragement, SEE HIM AGAIN, and when you walk in the Spirit, your heart will rejoice. His joy by definition is the divine gladness of HIS HEART, and that joy comes to man as he lives in the Spirit of his joyful Lord (Galatians 5:22). The joy that God intended is all about a life abiding in the Lord. Jesus said, "I am the vine, ye are the branches, he that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit" (John 15:5). He then teaches on the specific fruit of his Spirit, the gladness of heart: "These things have I spoken unto you that MY JOY might remain in you and that your joy might be full" (v, 11). Question, "Is your branch connected to His vine?" Then a most serious question, "Are you even a branch in the Father's vineyard?" Your answer will determine whether HIS joy is becoming your joy.

There is a most important Bible verse concerning a life of joy found in the presence of the Lord: "Thou wilt shew me the path of life: in thy presence is fulness of joy; at thy right hand there are pleasures for evermore" (Psalm 16:11). We need to be found in HIS PRESENCE, with Jesus finding us (Luke 19:10) in LIFE (HIS), instead of trying to find ourselves in life, or life found within ourselves. Man's meager search for life's meaning without the Lord only ends in discouragement and disappointment when seeking the limitations of what he feels are his joys and pleasures of life. That is why the Psalmist stated, "Thou wilt SHEW me the path of life" which is inclusive of his fulness of joy and pleasures for evermore. The foremost seeking needs to be HIS SEARCH, because the secret to life and all its real joys are found in him. "In him was life" (John 1:14), and he said: "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly" (John 10:0). When our Christianity is all about him (Matthew 6:33), we no longer shoulder the heaviness in our attempt to live the Christian life without him, bereft of his real joy within, which is the sustaining pleasure of it all with his presence (Psalm 16:11). Think of it in terms of this Old Testament example. King Josiah led a revival; it was a joyful time when the hearts of God's people were open to the presence of God. He said, "Put the holy ark in the house (the temple) which was built, it shall not be a burden upon your shoulders, serve now the LORD your God and his people" (2 Chronicles 35:3). As we know, the Old Testament Ark of the Covenant represented the presence of the Lord. As New Testament believers, we have the presence of God dwelling within (Colossians 1:27). "Ye are the temple of God, and the Spirit of God dwelleth within you" (1 Corinthians 3:16). Here's the joyful incentive with a New Testament application, you don't have to shoulder the self-imposed heaviness of your Christianity anymore, trying to live the life without the life of his Spirit empowered within. Allow the presence of the Lord to take his sacred place within your temple. When you do, his Spirit will overwhelm your heart and you can then "serve the LORD your God and his people" (2 Chronicles 35:3) with his joy! No need to be heavy in spirit, or sorrowful as the disciples were when they knew that Jesus would leave them. Jesus said, "I will see you again" (John 16:22) because His Spirit would come in his fulness. See him again in the fullness of his Spirit by yielding to his Spirit. You can then live in the joy of the Lord; don't be burdened shouldering a self-styled, powerless, joyless "Christianity" that isn't a blessing to you or others. Don't be heavy in spirit to yourself or to others, spread the joy that you received when you're seeing Jesus again. So, let us all have fellowship the Bible way, "Having confidence in you, that my joy is the joy of you all" (2 Corinthians 2:3).
