---
layout: post
title: Faith Alive
date: 2020-02-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a question to which every believer needs an answer: "Exactly what makes my faith a living faith in my relationship with the Lord?"  
To answer that most important question, we need to discover anew the Bible's definition of faith. "Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, and the evidence of things not seen" (Hebrews 11:1). Scripture offers us the test of the Christian's faith in its very definition, and the results of that test give the findings as follows. Living faith reveals that there is "substance" in that life of faith, meaning that in the nature of that faith, in that life's structure there is a foundation revealing a life's essence that is resolute in God. The verse explains that; the test of faith reveals that there is an underlying living "substance of things hoped for" (living in the expectancy of God at work in my life), "and the evidence of things not seen" (the proof displayed from a source beyond natural perception, so the Spirit of God must then be at work). So where does this essence of spiritual life come from, how can a life be alive in God with evidence not seen, to then give visible proof of a faith that is then seen to be alive? It's all a matter of spiritual life coming from the Word spiritual, the living Word. "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the word of God which LIVETH and abideth forever" (I Peter 1:3). Powerful? Living? Giving Life? Oh yes: "For the Word is quick (LIVING) and powerful" (Hebrews 4:12). Scripture once again gives us the answer to faith alive; since faith is a "gift of God" (Ephesians 2:8-9), giving you spiritual life, being born again of the Spirit (John 3:3), and "faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word of God" (Romans 10:17), the viability of our faith rests in the spiritual life-giving power of the Word. The power of the Word brings us new life, He "quickens us" who were dead in sin (Ephesians 2:1) into a faith alive as defined above. A dead man cannot bring himself alive, only God can quicken him, bringing him into a spiritual awakening and walk with the Living Word. Everything begins with the Word powerful: "And God said let there be ... life" (Genesis 1:3-ff). "In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God ... and all things were made by him" (John 1:1, 3). Therefore the Word spoke it all into existence. Your faith life begins as well with the life-giiving power of the Word. Jesus is the Word that brings you life: "in him was life, and the life was the light of men" (v. 4). The inspired Word is spoken from the Living Word who gives you spiritual life: "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life" (John 6:63). Back to the question, "what makes my faith a living faith?" Here's the answer from the Word: "And there came a voice out of the cloud, saying, this is my beloved Son, hear him" (Luke 9:35). The Living Word can speak into repentant man a new life by faith, and then speaking an alive faith-walk with substance into a heart of obedient (hearing him) faith. That substance is all about spiritual life from Him, life spoken powerfully into existence by him, and faith lived with the proof that the substance could only have come from him, the Living Word. That's what makes faith come alive: The living power of his Word, being the Source for the substance. Here's another question, "To whom do you listen, who do you hear? The hearing has to be spiritually selective; it's either the world, the flesh, the devil (I John 2:15-17), or the LIVING WORD?" Remember, faith cometh by hearing, and hearing by the Word. Oh, dear child of God, hear him, the Living Word and you will have faith alive.
