---
layout: post
title: The Day Star
date: 2020-05-23 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---
Where would we be without the light of God's Word to show us the way of salvation, delivering us from a darkened heart of sin, and giving us a lighted path in a dark world of evil, trouble, and woe.   We know the lyrics of the song: "The whole world was lost in the darkness of sin; the Light of the world is Jesus" (Philip P. Bliss).  This song has an inviting refrain, "Come to the light, 'tis shinning for thee; sweetly the light has dawned upon me.  Once I was lost, but now I can see, the Light of the world is Jesus."   This song is based on Scripture: Jesus is the "Light" (John 1:4), "the true Light, which lighteth every man that cometh into the world" (John 1:9), and "the entrance of thy words giveth light" (Psalm 119:130).  God has also given us a passage of Scripture that is inclusive of both Jesus being the Light, together with the light of his Word: "We have a more sure word of prophecy, whereunto ye do well that ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth in a dark place, until the day dawn, and the DAY STAR arise in your hearts" (2 Peter 1:19).  In context, Peter is referring to the SURE word of Scripture that takes precedence even over the eyewitness account of his experience that occurred on the Mount of Transfiguration (v. 18, cf. Mark 9:1-10).  Peter is directing our spiritual attention for us to rest our faith on the verity of God's Word, as superior over experience, even our personal experience.  Isn't that exactly what the "voice (that) came out of the cloud, (is) saying, this is my beloved Son: hear him" (v. 7).  The Father spoke through the clouds that day saying: "Hear him."   So, HEAR HIS WORD, even through your clouds of despair, challenge, and discouragement. Don't trust your experience, don't trust what you see without or within, but only trust what he has spoken, and still is speaking.  Jesus and his Word, what a beautiful, spiritual combination to lead us to the way of salvation and then to show us the lighted path therefrom.  The "light comes on" at salvation because of Light of the world shows us our sin to be repented of, and the Savior who delivers us from our sin.  Then, the next step is for the believer to be doing "well that ye take heed" to the "sure word of prophecy" (the forthtelling of the word).  The believer who is active in this "doing well" is desiring a mature walk in the Word, possessing a Word filled life, and then comes the outcome: The Lord blesses him with the "DAY STAR arising in his heart" (v. 19).  He is speaking of the Lord Jesus Christ, "the bright and morning star" (Revelation 22:16).  So, with the lighted path of Scripture (the written Word) before us, and the "Day Star" (the Living Word) within us we have the brightness of a lighted life (from the Word) ahead of us.  "Thy Word is a lamp unto my feet, and a light unto my path" (Psalm 119:105).  What a beam of brilliant light infused in the soul of man enabling him for a walk with the Enabler: The "Light of the world" (John 9:5), bringing him LIFE (John 1:4: "In him was LIFE, and the life was the light of men").  We do not have to rely upon experience as the Apostle Peter has told us; we have a "more sure word" and with IT we can "do well as we take heed (to that Word) as unto a light that shineth in a dark place."  The result:  a blessed light-filled, word-filled walk with the Lord is ours and HIS DAY STAR arises (comes to luminating fullness) in our hearts.  The DAY STAR rising in our heart comes from a Word-filled, Spirit-filled life, heart-filled, and a mind full of God's Word.  "Let the word dwell in you richly" (Colossians 3:16), all through the power of the Holy Spirit.  "God's mind is revealed in Scripture, but we can see nothing without the spectacles of the Holy Spirit" (Thomas Manton).   So, Peter, under the inspiration of the Holy Spirit tells us that the WORD takes precedence over experience.  With all that Peter experienced on the Mount of Transfiguration, including all the glorious, transformational beauty of that miraculous event, it was what the Father spoke that day that was, is, and ever shall be ESSENTIAL: "Hear Him."  Peter would "do well as he takes heed to the SURE WORD as IT shines in the dark place" of the heart, and so would we all do well in the same, exalting Scripture for IT to bring its beautiful brilliance within.   Let's prioritize the Word over any experience, by bringing that LIGHT shining in your heart.  As "the entrance of thy Word bringeth light" we would "do well as ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth into a dark place."

"Ye do well as ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth into a dark place."  We live in a darkened world and the caution from Scripture is that we dare not rely on the experience of unfounded solutions, or the mindset of: "this is the way I have always done it," unproven remedies of man, the imaginations of man, or feelings.  "My faith rests not on how I feel or think, or who I am. but on who Christ is and what he has done for me" all based on the Word (Charles H. Spurgeon).  The Word must be the final authority for who man is, what he does, and the way for man, for IT and it alone brings light to the heart of man.  "Casting down imaginations, and every high thing that exalteth itself against the knowledge of God (his Word), and bringing into captivity every thought to the obedience of Christ " (2 Corinthians 10:5).  There is the utmost need for the Lord's light to be found in heart of man for him to possess life, for without light there would be no life, so inclusive in all his creation.  Man needs the answer of God's light for his darkened, deadened heart to burst forth with HIS NEW LIFE.  With that light, God can give redeemed man the living answers to life's quest, and questions.  "The preparations of the heart in man, and the answer of the tongue is from the Lord" (Proverbs 16:1).  So, just what exactly is your heart in preparation for, and who is it that gives the final answer?  It's the Word that gives us the light of his way, and the answer is not found in the heart of man, but from the Lord.  "Our eternal hope cannot be built on speculations; we need revelation" God's Word (Charles H. Spurgeon).  So, how do we deal with the sin affected self that is within us, at times filling us with the faulty confidence drawn from our tainted, fallen nature of ours?  We dare not look into the black hole of that forbidden, poisoned well of the old nature where there is not even one drop of the water of life found there.  Rather, Isaiah tells us: "Therefore with joy shall ye draw water out of the wells of salvation" (12:3).  He goes on to say, "In that day ye shall say Praise the LORD."  The reason is found in the context: We shall "declare his DOINGS among the people ... for great is the Holy One of Israel in the midst of thee" (vs. 4, 6).  God has, will, and ever shall perform everything according to the decree of his Word.  The Lord gave his Word in answer to HIS DOINGS concerning the life of Israel, and HE will give answer to ours as well, all according to the execution of his Word.  We can stand in awe of his Word, just as Jesus spoke IT to his hearers during his earthly ministry: "They were astonished at his doctrine: for his word was with power" (Luke 4:32).  That is exactly what we need in our day by day lives, the performing power of the Word spoken by him, and ministered by him.  "The word is quick (living) and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword" (Hebrews 4:12).   We need the Lord's powerful WORD for answers to the predicaments in which man finds himself.  The answer is not found in the darkened heart of man; we need the powerful light of his Word to shine upon our understanding.  The Lord is "the light of Israel" (Isaiah 10:17), and "the Lord sent a word INTO Jacob, and it hath lighted upon Israel (Isaiah 9:8).  INTO and UPON: my, what directional power the Word of God has in and upon his people.  God has sent the light of his Word INTO us as believers, and has lighted upon our hearts of belief.  As we possess his Word, may his Word be possessed by our heart.  "Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God" (Matthew 4:4).  Those were the very words of our Lord and "if Jesus Christ lived upon the Word of God should not we do the same" (Charles H. Spurgeon)?  So, since we have his Word, let us live in the Word, and that life is all spiritually and powerfully possible because God has preserved his Word for us, for our day, as he has promised: "Thou shalt keep them, O LORD, thou shalt preserve them from this generation forever  (Psalm 12:7).  "Scripture alone is the absolute truth, essential truth, decisive truth, eternal and everlasting truth" (Charles H. Spurgeon).   So, with that said, once again, "Ye do well as ye take heed (to his Word), as unto a light that shineth into a dark place."

Ye do well as ye take heed, as unto a light that shineth into a dark place."   Here's the blessing, with the light of the Word desired, read, taught, preached, memorized, prioritized, practiced, and studied, the light takes care of the darkness.  No longer is your heart set as a dark place of which you once desired, because the "DAY STAR has risen in your hearts."  We now know the difference that Jesus is making in our lives, when his day star has arisen within us.  No turning back now because Jesus told us: "I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly" (John 10:10).   It's all about the Day Star and newness of life from his Word: "The words that I speak unto your they are spirit, and they are LIFE" (John 6:63).  Real life comes to us and in us, when the Spirit of God fills us with the power of HIS WORD.   When his light brightens everything in you and about you, it's "like sunshine at noonday, (when) his glory shines in" (Bliss).  His light makes all the difference, it's his glorious light given and that translates into HIS glorious life shared with you.   HE'S the DAY STAR, the Bright and Morning Star to give you the light of his life at the breaking of your day, every day.  No need to wake up to another dismal day held captive by your discouraged old self, dogged by the old nature pulling you down, all the while being plagued by all the darkness found in one's sinful nature.  "Turn the light ON" by a "walk in the light as he is in the light (and) we have fellowship one with another" - fellowship in his light, with his fellowship so inclusive (I John 1:7).   Oh, desire the Word, for you will grow in your walk with the Lord: "Desire the sincere milk of the word, that ye may grow thereby" (I Peter 2:2).  Oh, read the lighted Word, it will bring encouragement: "Which when they had read, they rejoiced for the consolation" (Acts 15:31).  "Get your mind stored with Scripture, by diligent reading, and you will soon discover its value and power" (J.C. Ryle).   Oh, be willingly taught by Word; rejecting the carnal mindset of "oh, I heard that before!"  Love the preaching of the Word: "God hath in due times manifested his word through preaching which is committed unto me according to the commandment of God our Saviour" (Titus 1:3).  The Word preached, "heralded forth" will bring you rejoicing: "Having received the word ... with joy of the Holy Ghost" (I Thessalonians 1:6).  Oh, let the word preached be a means for you to mature in Christ, for you then will not be out of place in the body of Christ, but you will find your place fitted in his body: "Speaking the truth in love, may grow up into him in all things, which is the head, even Christ: from whom the whole body fitly joined together" (Ephesians 4:15-16).  Oh, memorize the Word, it will keep you from the darkness of sin: "Thy word have I hid in mine heart, that I might not sin against thee" (Psalm 119:11).  Oh, prioritize the Word, for then the blessings will come your way: "Seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness and all these things shall be added unto you" (Matthew 6:33).  Oh, "seek ye first" his kingdom, and be faithful to the Lord, his Word, and the house of God.  Oh, practice the Word of God, and you shall be full of life, instead of enduring a self-prescribed "dead on arrival 'Christianity.'"  "Ye shall walk in all the ways which the LORD hath commanded you, that ye may LIVE, and that it may be well with you, and that ye may prolong your days in the land" (Deuteronomy 5;33).  Oh, study the Word, for then you will be an approved student at the feet of the Master Teacher: "Study to show thyself approved unto God, a workman that needeth not to be ashamed, rightly dividing the Word of truth (2 Timothy 2:15).  So, as the Word continues to shine into the dark place of the heart of man, the effect will be the DAY STAR arising there, ON LOCATION, on time.  The Lord Jesus Christ will manifest himself to you in your heart, when your heart is filled with the love for HIM and HIS WORD.  "He that hath my commandments (his Word) and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me: and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will MANIFEST myself to him" (John 14:21).   So, when the darkness brings its deadening shroud, attempting to hover over you and then to cover you with its stealthy evil weaponry, aimed at your soul, bring in the LIGHT.  When the prince of darkness knows your heart's weakened dark spots, get close to Jesus and "he bids the darkness flee"  (Oswald Smith).   All is made possible by dwelling in him and in his Word that brings you light. "The light shineth in darkness, and the darkness comprehended it not" (cannot extinguish it - John 1:5).  Nothing will be able to take away the light loved by you, found in him and in his Word, because Jesus is the LIGHT and he "will never leave thee nor forsake thee" (Hebrews 13:5).   Oh, don't trust the experiences of emotion, intuition, feelings, past behavior, carnal imaginations or anything else in reaction to the darkness within or without.  Oh, trust in his Word as a light that shineth into the dark place, your heart included.  BY taking heed to the Word desired, read, taught, preached, memorized, prioritized, practiced, and studied, that will bring the real experience in your life, a spiritual Scriptural experience of the Day Star arising in your heart.  "The whole world was lost in the darkness of sin, but the light of the world is Jesus. Like sunshine at noonday, his glory shone in, the light of the world is Jesus."   Oh, bring in the Word and love the Word, and when you do, the light shines toward the greatest light ever: THE DAY STAR arising in your heart.  