---
layout: post
title: Living in His Name
date: 2020-08-25 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

When the word majestic is found in the Bible, be assured that it resonates with who the Lord is, especially regarding his name. "O LORD, our Lord, how majestic is your name in all the earth" (Psalm 8:9). Here's the blessing that the Lord has for his children, we can know HIM in a trusting relationship as to who he is regarding HIS name. "Those who know your name will put their trust in you" (Psalm 9:10); namely, they will be in a living relationship with the Lord. The Lord does not only want us to know his name, but also to know him, and be known by HIM, by who he is regarding his name. It's not enough to know "about" God, but he wants us to know him by who he is in our walk with him. For instance, since he is named as our LOVING FATHER, we want to walk with him in love as dear children (Ephesians 5:1-2). God wants us to know him as his name personalizes him, and it's a matter of HIS dwelling in us and we in him with that divine description; it is then that we are blessed in that spiritual personal knowledge. The Apostle Paul tells us that HIS indwelling brings our knowledge of HIM: "That Christ may dwell in your hearts by faith; that ye, being rooted and grounded in love, may be able to comprehend with all saints what is the breadth, and length, and depth and height, and to KNOW the love of Christ, which passeth knowledge, that ye might be filled with all the fulness of God" (Ephesians 3:17). Christ (the Messiah, the anointed ONE) is the ONE giving you the anointing of knowing who he is with his Spirit's indwelling (I John 2:27). The Apostle Paul said "that I may know him" (Philippians 3:10), and the fulness of God (Ephesians 3:19) and his love (I John 4:16). Here's John's verse on knowing HIM, his love and his dwelling: "We have KNOWN and believed that God is love, and he that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God and God in him." There will then come to the believer a closeness with the Lord, concerning who HE is when the dwelling, and the abiding begins, and it's all of the Spirit. "But as it is written, Eye hath not seen nor ear heard, neither have entered into the heart of man the things, which God hath prepared for them that love him. But God hath revealed them unto us by his Spirit" (I Corinthians 2:9-10). It is clear, the Lord wants us to know him, and he is in the spiritual business of revealing himself to us. So, "He that hath an ear, let him hear what the Spirit saith" (Revelation 3:13).

Living in His name brings us the blessings associated with HIS name. Jesus said: "I am the vine, ye are the branches, he that abideth in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit; for without me ye can do nothing" (John 15:5). As in nature, there can be no fruit if the branch is not attached and growing with the vine. So, once again, it's not enough to know about Jesus, we need to abide in the indwelling Christ to know the fullness of who he is. Knowing him begins at salvation (being born again of the Spirit - John 3:3) and then the fulness of the Spirit is awaiting the one who obeys the command to "be filled with the Spirit" (Ephesians 5:18). "The fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, longsuffering, gentleness, goodness, faith meekness, temperance ..." (Galatians 5:22-23). Without the Spirit's indwelling and without the Spirit's fullness, there will be none of the Spirit's fruit, and here's the Biblical warning: "Now if any man have not the Spirit of Christ, he is none of his" (Romans 8:9). The one who knows the indwelling ONE will be known as one who displays the fruit of HIS SPIRIT, all because he KNOWINGLY LOVES THE ONE dwelling in him. Back to John, who stated "We have known and believed the love (from which all Spiritual fruit exists) that God hath to us," and John then said "He that dwelleth in love dwelleth in God." The "know" of that believer comes from dwelling of God in the believer, filled with the Spirit. The Spirit-filled believer not only possesses the fruit but longs to display the Spirit's fruit, so essential for God's fellowship gathered as believers. Without the Spirit within, there is no possibility of the fruit coming from the professing "Christian." Knowing is a spiritual perception going beyond the natural intellect "about God," and enters into the supernatural perceived awareness affecting the transformed heart of regenerated man. The Word of God is clear, only those born of the Spirit possess, love, and then can be empowered to display the "things of the Spirit" as they abide in the Lord. "The natural man receiveth not the things of the Spirit of God: for they are foolishness unto him: neither can he know them because they are spiritually discerned" (I Corinthians 2:14). You can know all the doctrines of the Bible, and the names of God included, but if we are not "born again" (John 3:3), and fail to be filled with the Spirit (Ephesians 5:18) we will miss God's intended purpose designed for us: LIVING IN HIS NAME. The fellowship of the local body of Christ is fruitful when we KNOW HIM AND DWELL IN HIM. It's all about LIVING IN HIS NAME.
