---
layout: post
title: Our Eyes Upon Thee
date: 2020-06-30 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Every Christian, everywhere, at every moment has the challenge of LIFE before them. The situations and circumstances that come before the believer are at times insurmountable. The challenge of illness, finances, relationships, misunderstandings, life changing decisions, and that endless list of things that "just happen to happen" do arrive at our heart's door. So, let's look to the Word to take care of the challenges, giving us the answers that the Lord has for those seeking HIM. It was Jehoshaphat of old that prayed a very serious prayer to the Lord concerning a very serious challenge concerning his life: the Moabite and Ammonite invasion was imminent against him and the people of God. Without hesitation, he went to the right place at the right time, to the right person for the right help, when he had no other recourse but the Lord. Here's his prayer: "O our God, wilt thou not judge them? For we have no might against this great company that cometh against us." His supplication didn't end there; in his request he made a very wise choice as to what to do in his dilemma: "Neither know we what to do, but our eyes are upon thee" (2 Chronicles 20:12). So, dear child of God, in your struggles in life, make the best decision ever: "Have a Jehoshaphat set of eyes." The man looked away from his problem, and at that same strenuous moment, he sought the Lord with a faith-focus that we all need: directional, purposeful, intentional, and spiritual. Then God intervened with the answer that came through the man of God by the name of Jahaziel. "And he said, hearken, ye, all Judah ... be not afraid or dismayed by reason of this great multitude, for the battle is not ours, but God's" (v. 15). That's not all, he then said, "Stand ye still, and see the salvation of the LORD" (v. 17). Their trust was so strengthened because of the power of the Word that "when they began to sing and to praise, the LORD set ambushments against the children of Ammon, Moab, and mount Seir, utterly to slay and destroy them" (v 22). So, what's the lesson for the child of God when "neither know we what to do?" There needs to come a time in the maturing Christian's life to respond correctly to that which is intended to 1st influence you, 2ndly to control you, and 3rdly to drastically change your life and direction. Ask God to make the change, a life-giving change with the ending to your challenge to be empowered with HIS intervention. Trust in the power of his Word that tells us "the battle is not ours, but God's." May his Word be with such power that you will join in with Judah of old with your praise and worship because God took care of your dilemma. God's people need not to be fatalists, having an obscured view of life, viewing only difficulties, problems and challenges; the reason: our eyes are upon THEE and nowhere else. No need to be perplexed and complain, looking only at the difficulties in life; we can live in praise because of the powerful, providential care of our Lord. Possess a spiritual perspective, join in with Jehoshaphat and the Judah tribe, as they "began to sing and praise the Lord" as God took care of their situation. So, there it is, the Biblical wisdom for the eyes of your heart. it's a matter of 1st looking to the Lord, 2ndly trusting in the wisdom of his Word, and 3rdly, remembering that he takes care of the outcome. So, grumble no more, rather sing and praise HIM because he has promised to bless his Word AND YOU who possess a new set of eyes. There is a Latin phrase that we all need to cherish: Petimus Credimus meaning "WE SEEK, WE TRUST. So, let's cherish those Jehoshaphat eyes when we neither know what to do.
