---
layout: post
title: Oh Give Thanks Unto the Lord
date: 2020-11-21 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There is no shortage of verses in the Word of God when it comes to giving thanks unto the Lord, and certainly there should be no lack of thanksgiving in our hearts unto him.  Yes, the Bible is filled with words of thankfulness to our "Living God who giveth us all things richly to enjoy" (I Timothy 6:17).  May we all set aside this time of the season to "Give thanks unto the Lord for he is good" (Psalm 107:1).  We need to have more than a glimpse of the goodness FROM God; we need to appreciate with a thankful spirit the bountiful goodness OF God, OF who HE IS.   Oh, let the virtue of divine goodness of his person penetrate your heart with His Spirit, transforming your life with HIS Spirit of thanksgiving.  Yes, we can live moment-by-moment, rising to the level of a day-by-day thankfulness, and God is the ONE who can give us that qualitative heart.  He is in the life-changing business with HIS Spirit of thankfulness.  Here's a Bible verse to help us all to do just that: "Oh taste and see that the Lord is good BLESSED is the man that  trusteth in him" (Psalm 34:8).  Let's take a closer look at that verse with those Hebrew word definitions, so structured with Holy Spirit inspiration that our Lord gave the Psalmist, and now to you as well.  First of all, the Book tells us to "taste" of that which the Lord desires for us, of which we can be thankful.  It means a whole lot more than just partaking of a "sampling" of the goodness of God.  It's the idea of bringing in more than "that which God is giving" but rather you are now enjoying the full seasoned taste of "who God is" in his giving.   The believer is developing an awakening perception of God's real offer: HIMSELF, "for he is good" and you want more OF HIM.  That spiritual concept is amplified in the follow-up verb of "seeing."  Tasting brings the seeing and seeing is believing and blessedness  (happiness) is the real reward given to a man of trust from his God, "for HE is good."

The Psalmist is explaining that the taste brings the seeing and the seeing brings the trusting, and the trusting brings the blessedness (happiness).  So, here's the Happy Thanksgiving challenge: "Oh, taste and SEE that the Lord is good," which brings us to a blessed (happy), trusting, thankful relationship with him.  Thanksgiving is more than a day; it is a date with deity.   The taste brings the wide eye-opening "seeing" with the spiritual eye, accompanied by a joyful acknowledgement of WHO he is NOW; and I want to be of the number with the "blessed man that trusteth in him."  Also, let's not skip over that little word "OH" in that verse introduction, because it has a special significance; it is used as an interjection, an exclamation of "OH, how happy!"  When it comes right down to it all, God and WHO he is as a GOOD GOD to us is more important than what he gives to us when it comes to our happiness.  It's all a matter of "first cause" and he will give of his goodness because of who he is in goodness.  So, Happy thanksgiving lived out in our hearts is all about the Spirit of his Person of goodness who lives in our hearts.  Then, what he gives to us in Person is intended to give us the response of a "Oh, how happy we are as we our tasting and seeing the goodness of our giving God personally, of whom we are thankful." 

With that said, let's move on having developed the "taste and the seeing that the Lord is good" and bring that trusting, happy "blessed man" in view.  That man has a thankful heart alive in his world and a thankful spirit evidenced to those around him.  Dr. Bob Jones Sr. stated, "When thankfulness dies on the altar of a man's heart, he is well-nigh hopeless."  Let's all bring hope alive with HIS Spirit of thankfulness.  Here are some ways to be thankful and to express that thanks unto your Lord and others: 1) Be Blessed - "bring it in, and give it out" actively, as God has blessed you with so much, bless back "Bless the Lord, oh my soul" (Psalm 103:2).   2) Be personal, make the blessedness come from "my soul." (v. 2).   3) Be mindful, "Forget not all his benefits" (v. 2).  4) Be Vocal, "That I may publish (musically sounded forth) with the voice of thanksgiving" (Psalm 26:7).  5) Be expressive, "Out of them shall proceed (a cause coming forth) thanksgiving" (Jeremiah 30:19).  6) Be natural, this is who I am: THANKFUL, "I will rise to give thanks" - it's part of you, so I WILL ... (Psalm 119:62).  7) Be glorifying, "Surely, the righteous shall give thanks unto thy name" (Psalm 140:13).  8) Be thankful for your circumstances, He is sovereign over all, "In everything give thanks, for this is the will of God in Christ Jesus concerning you" (I Thessalonians 5:18).  9) Be in the Spirit of thankfulness, "Be filled with the Spirit ... giving thanks always for all things unto God and the Father in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ" (Ephesians 5:18, 20).  10) Be dwelling, "Let the Word dwell in you richly" (Colossians 3:16).  So, with the Word of thanks dwelling in your heart and the Spirit of God filling (controlling) your heart, a Happy Thanksgiving is more than a day, it's a LIFE that God has given you in which you can now enjoy a HAPPY THANKSGIVING.   

