---
layout: post
title: The Cure for the Worry Virus 
date: 2020-03-20 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

 Our older generation may have heard of the lyrics in the song entitled "Worry, Worry, Worry."  The words tell us quite a lot about our human nature: "I found out that I'm the worrying kind, I go worrying right along.  Life is fine, but with the worrying mind" it's not so fine.  Well, that's a song about the worrying kind, how about a Psalm (song) to take care of the trusting kind - in God.  "What time I am afraid, I will trust in thee" (Psalm 56:3).  So, how's that thought life of yours?  Any real concerns controlling you or are there issues beyond your control?  The real and the unreal concerns of your life really do "add up" and "mount up" and they need to be left to the concern of our loving Lord, "who careth for you" (I Peter 5:7).  Since the Lord is in the business of caring for us, he desires in directing our steps (Psalm 37:23).  How about those steps we take in our thought life, our thought steps?  The Lord desires for us to to think thoughts after him for that direction to be known to us, in our hearts.  Oh, be mindful of his thoughts, his Word, and his Holy Spirit as he desires to direct our thought life: "Many, O LORD are thy wonderful works which thou hast done, and thy thoughts which are to us-ward" (Psalm 40:5).  Jeremiah tells us, "For I know the thoughts that I think toward you, saith the LORD, thoughts of peace, and not of evil, to give you an expected end" (29:11).  Isaiah admonishes us to "trust ye in the LORD for ever" and when you do he "will keep him in perfect peace whose mind is stayed on thee" (26:3-4).  "Life is fine" but then come the concerns, worries, and the anxiety targeting the worrisome mind, and then when left unattended by Spirit of God, we discover that life is not so fine.  Not so fine when we are trying to maintain control of the uncontrollable world around us, and then in us.  So, that's where the Lord comes to the pulpit of our thought life and addresses a sermon needed by us all: "Therefore I say unto take no thought for your life, what ye shall eat, or what ye shall drink; nor yet for your body, what ye shall put on.  Is not the life more than meat, and the body more than raiment" (Matthew 6:25).  The Lord is zeroing in on all the basic needs of life.  Then, the Lord tells us where we need to direct our thoughts: "But seek ye first the kingdom of God, and his righteousness; and all these things shall be added unto you" (v. 33).  "All these things" that really concern you are under the authority and control of his kingship and kingdom, the kingdom of God, with his kingdom rule in the hearts of the  subjects of the king - in loving control.  "Seek ye first the kingdom" of the King who has power to rule and overrule.  He exercises that power of loving control only in the hearts seeking
him.  It's been said, the only benefit about worry, is the truth about worry: it does no good.  God knows that, and he wants us to realize that.  The worst thing about worry is that we are side-stepping faith and going over the boundaries of trust, and stumbling into God's territorial care.  When we dismiss active, living faith in our all-caring God, we invite fear, doubt and worry that will rush into the heart that is left vulnerable because of the vacuum created by our lack of trust in our Lord.  Only God can fill the heart with his sovereign, loving, and caring control.  So, recognize the weakness brought on by fear and worry.  Yes, fear will weaken faith, but faith will bring in his kingdom power to destroy fear.  You cannot dismiss fear and worry, but God can.  You take care of the faith part, and God takes care of his controlling peace and power part.   One preacher said it this way, "Worry is useless, it doesn't cure any problems, it doesn't lift any burdens, it doesn't wipe away any tears.  Worry cannot make you any taller, shorter, thinner, or weightier.  It is senseless  and therefore useless, but even worse, it's faithless."  It's been said of a worrisome lad, "Don't tell me worry doesn't do any good."  His reason why: "When I worry, most of the things I worry about never happen."  The spiritual response, "So why worry, if it's all under God's sovereign control anyway?"   Worry is a virus that infects the heart, robbing it of the abundant life God intended (John 10:10), dismissing the presence, peace and power of God, and the list grows wearisome in length.  So here's our spiritual assignment:  1) Champion faith over fear with his kingdom power: seek ye first the kingdom of God ... and then the King comes to you with his peaceful power of thought; oh, enjoy it for it will be yours,  2) Concern yourself with the real concern of life, trusting him, knowing that his concern for us surpasses our concerns, ever so much the more in your thought life - that means everything affecting you.  "The LORD is the strength of my life, of whom (and what) shall I be afraid" (Psalm 27:1),  3) Control in your thought life is all about your Heavenly Father who is in control, and he "knoweth that ye have need of ALL THESE THINGS" (Matthew 6:32), all means all.  So the real cure for the real virus that wants intrusion into your life, your thought life is championing faith, concerning faith, and controlling faith, his sovereignty over all things needed.  With faith exercised, the King of your thought life gives you the assurance of the presence of his love, and brings to you a  peaceful thought life, all brought on by him when active faith is addressed to him.  That, my friend will take care of the real virus in this world, the virus of worry.