---
layout: post
title: The Fuel of Fellowship
date: 2020-01-14 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

With the pen of Holy Spirit inspiration, love is defined as a most powerful word in the fellowship of believers. "As touching brotherly love ye need not that I should write unto you: for ye yourselves are taught of God to love one another" (1 Thessalonians 4:9). No pen power of persuasion from man is needed, when the Lord is the teacher with love's script upon the heart! The Word presents the power of love: Biblical, spiritual, needed, and so essential: 1) the presentation of love begins with God's love taught in the believer's heart, that begins with possessing a receptive spiritual heart (v. 9). 2) Love is not found originally in man; it is given to the believer from a source outside of himself, that's Holy Spirit empowerment. 3) Love from God can never be kept to oneself, that's love's activity - "Indeed, ye DO it toward all the brethren" (v. 10). 4) Love is always growing in the believer as he desires a close relationship with God and with one another, that's an engaged fellowship - "that ye increase more and more" (v. 10). 5) Love expressed with no respect of persons evidences God's heart of genuine love - "that ye indeed ye do it toward ALL the brethren" (v. 10). So, love from God coming to man, then becoming of man, being expressed from man to man brings the intended work-ability of divine fellowship, alive in God's people. God's love given, with that love personally received, and his love shared is the fuel for the fellowship to go forward. The Holy Spirit has gifted each born-again believer with his Spirit, then when yielded to his Spirit of love, the fellowship of believers can then be going somewhere: HIS somewhere, not our nowhere, all in the power of his glorious purpose designed for the church. Oh, set your heart on "obeying the truth through the Spirit, unto unfeigned love of the brethren, see that ye love one another with a pure heart fervently" (I Peter 1:22). Oh, don't try to run on the emptiness of self preference; "walk in love, as Christ also hath loved us" (Ephesians 5:2), and then God will use you to bring love alive to your brothers and sisters with the fuel of fellowship.
