---
layout: post
title: Genuine and Glorious
date: 2020-10-27 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Word of God reveals to the born-again Christian that which is genuine and glorious concerning his salvation.  The Apostle Paul writes of "the ministration of the Spirit (to) be rather glorious" in context with the glory of the law which "killeth, but the Spirit giveth life" (2 Corinthians 3:6-8).  The law gloriously shows us the deadliness of our sin, and then as a "schoolmaster to bring us to Christ that we may be justified by faith" (Galatians 3:24).   It is the glorious work of the Spirit of God in leading us to the Sin-bearer who graciously gifts the repentant believer with his life-giving, glory-filled salvation.  With that Scriptural truth taught, the Apostle Paul further explains that life in the Spirit reveals the genuine salvation possessed by the true believer, in that there is a "ministration of righteousness (that) exceeds in glory" (v. 9).  So, what exactly is the Apostle Paul expounding?  There is the glorious work of the Holy Spirit in the life of the true believer encouraging him to live righteously for the Lord, IN THE LORD (his righteous life within), and empowered by the Lord, through his "Spirit (who) giveth life" (v. 6).  God's ministry of the righteous life of Christ is gloriously alive in the true believer.  Paul goes on to express the freedom that the believer now has in that Spirit-filled relationship: "Now the Lord is that Spirit, and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty" (v. 17).  There is liberty from the bondage of sin and self as the Spirit is active in his "ministration of (HIS) righteousness (that) exceeds in glory" (v. 9).  The believer is not living any longer under "the ministration of death" and "the ministration of condemnation" (v. 9, cf. Romans 8:1).  That genuine believer is no longer under the guilt and burden of sin, nor is he under the obligation to live the Christian life on his own power or ability.   Christianity is more than applying the truths of Christ, it is Christ living his truths within, and the believer then victoriously yielding to his Spirit's control.  As the Apostle Paul stated, "Christ liveth in me" (Galatian 2:20), and he is freely beholding his Savior (Hebrews 12:2) that offers a glorious relationship.  Jesus breaks the power of sin and self and sets us free to serve him as we abide in him (John 15:1-8).  True, the sinful nature may still remain in man, but it does not have to reign in man; the reason: The Spirit's ministration of righteousness is victoriously reigning in him.  "That as sin hath reigned unto death, even so might grace reign through righteousness unto eternal life by Jesus Christ our Lord" (Romans 5:21).  That's not all, that genuine relationship is a growing and glorious one: "But we all, with open face beholding as in a glass the glory of the Lord, are changed into the same image from glory to glory even as by the Spirit of the Lord" (v 18).  The glass, which is the mirror of the glory of the Lord found in his Word is empowering the believer to lock his focus in on the Spirit of his living Lord.  The written Word always reveals the Living Word to us (John 1:1).   Wm Tyndale explains is well: "The Scriptures spring out of God and flow into Christ, and were given to lead us to Christ."   So, with the empowering Word, the born-again believer Is "manifestly declared to be the epistle of Christ ministered ... with the Spirit of the living God" and he can then become an "epistle written in our hearts, known and read of all men" (3:2-3).  Yes, as Christians, we are "readable" and "identifiable" by others as to the verity of our profession, and it comes down to our possession OF HIM (full of HIM or full of ourselves).   So, there it is:  we have been given a genuine and glorious message from God - indeed; may it be written in your heart and be readable by others.  So, what makes your salvation genuine and glorious?  "Ye must be born-again" (John 3:3), "be filled with the Spirit" of God (Ephesians 5:18), be looking in the mirror of the glory of the Lord, the Word of God (2 Corinthians 3:18), and be yielding to the changing power of the Spirit of God "from glory to glory" (v. 18).   Only the Spirit of the Living God can grant you that genuine and glorious salvation experience, freely given by him, attended by him, empowered by him; then using the mirror to show us the image of the ONE we then need to be mirroring to others: "known and read of all men."  Oh, allow the liberty of the Spirit to do his signature penmanship work on the table of your heart in order to validate your salvation as genuine and glorious!  