---
layout: post
title: The Missing Peace
date: 2020-12-18 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a question for the ages, "What if Jesus had not come?" Of course, that would be a Scriptural impossibility, because the purpose of his coming was eternally decreed "by the determinate counsel and foreknowledge of God" (Acts 2:23). If Jesus had not come, there would be a life altering piece missing in man's history, and a spiritual life altering PEACE missing in man's heart. If there would have been no advent, no Bethlehem manger, no virgin birth, no baby Jesus, there would be no cross, no redemption, no victorious resurrection, no salvation offered to man, and there would be MISSING PEACE in the heart of man. Here's the wonderful news, Jesus did come, and the angels echoed the skies near Bethlehem with heaven's announcement, "Glory to God in the highest, and on earth peace, good will toward men" (Luke 2:14). God's glorious message that day came with the offer of peace found in the newborn Savior who would die for man's sin, "For unto you is born this day in the city of David a Savior which is Christ the Lord" (v. 11). Man's peace would no longer be missing; peace from God was the message offered to sinful man from the Savior of man. From that Shepherd sky came "good tidings of great joy that shall be to all people" (2:10); therein is the message of a tranquil relationship to be provided by the Savior, the "Prince of Peace" (Isaiah 9:6).

The MISSING PEACE would be provided by the One prophesied: "For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given; and the government shall be upon his shoulder; and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counselor, the mighty God, the everlasting Father, the PRINCE OF PEACE" (Isaiah 9:6). He came to redeem mankind with his blood offer of peace, "and having made peace through the blood of his cross" (Colossians 1:20). He came "to reconcile all things unto himself" through his blood (v. 20). He came to restore man's broken relationship with God, offering his cleansing blood for fellowship (1 John 1:7-9). Now, man could live in HIS princely peace, enjoying that wholesomeness of life that God intended. The Prince of Peace came not only to live among man proclaiming the gospel message of peace, but to​ live in man with HIS peace message written on his heart. Not just any peace, it is the peace knowing God and being known of God. Yes, knowing God, "Being justified by faith we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ" (Romans 5:1). Then, God knowing you, with his peace within you: "Now the Lord of peace HIMSELF give you peace always by all means. The Lord be WITH you all" (2 Thessalonians 3:16).

Looking for that MISSING PEACE, which is the missing piece in your life most precious, given to you by God? Look no further than to the Savior once being "the babe wrapped in swaddling clothes, lying in a manger" (Luke 2:12). "The manger was the place where the treaty was signed, whereby warfare should be stopped between man's conscience and his God. It was then, that day that the trumpet blew: 'Sheathe thy sword oh man.' Sheathe the sword oh conscience, for God is now at peace with man and man at peace with God" (Charles Hadden Spurgeon). The sin question would be answered by the Savior at the cross: "It is finished" (John 19:30). The payment for man's sin was then complete, now documented in God's ledger of reckoning. How? Why? Could that be? Oh yes, "For unto you is born this day ... a Savior which is Christ the Lord" (Luke 2:11). What greater message of peace could be given to the troubled sinful soul of man. Yes, the Lord's proclamation of peace is for all, and claimed by all who repent of sin and call upon the Savior. Then, as a believer, you can live in the powerful tranquil words of our Lord: "These things I have spoken unto you, that in me ye might have peace. In the world ye shall have tribulation; but be of good cheer, I have overcome the world" (John 16:33). Oh, may the familiar lyrics of the Christmas carol be more than a seasonal song that fills the air, may they fill your heart: "Peace on earth and mercy mild, God and sinners reconciled." Oh, don't miss the MERCY MESSAGE of Christmas, by missing the message of the Prince of Peace. Jesus preached: "Repent and believe the Gospel" (Mark 1:15). When you "call upon the name of the Lord to be saved" (Romans 10:13), that missing peace finds it place in your heart.
