---
layout: post
title: Word Powered Strength
date: 2021-07-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Most of us are familiar with the lyrics of the well-known hymn entitled Great is thy Faithfulness, and have cherished those specific words "Strength for today, and bright hope for tomorrow." Strength for your today, delivered by his Holy Spirit every day through his spoken Word is your gift from God. The prophet Joel gives us some insight into HIS divine power that is designed to sustain our lives, lived for him. "For he is strong that executed his word" (2:11). The Lord knows that we need HIM STRONG in our lives to become US STRONG. It is only through the living power of his Word that we can meet the challenges of our Christian lives. Strength, what a word, a most needed word to bring life to our inner man; but strength is more than a word, especially when the Lord SPEAKS IT. Jesus did say, "The words that I speak unto you, they are spirit, and they are life" (John 6:63). Just as the Lord spoke creation into existence (Genesis 1:3), including man becoming a living soul (Genesis 2:7), he is still in the business of bringing his life-giving Word to man. He uses his Word to bring the born-again experience ALIVE in man: "Being born again, not of corruptible seed, but of incorruptible, by the WORD OF GOD, which LIVETH and abideth forever" (I Peter 1:23). Since it was God's Word that created us as flesh and blood, and to become a living soul, and since it is through God's Word that we were born again of the Spirit, is it any wonder that HIS WORD should sustain us; HE GIVES WORD POWERED STRENGTH.

Once again, there is strength for your today, every day "For he is strong that executed his word" (Joel 2:11). Strength to live for him, to love him, and strength to serve him, gracefully given. Charles Hadden Spurgeon gives us some keen insight on grace-filled strength: "If we give God service, it must be because he gives grace." Then Spurgeon connects our strength for service with his Holy Spirit power: "We work for him because he works in us." "For it is God that worketh in you both to will and to DO of his good pleasure" (Philippians 2:13). What God has purposed, he has chosen to do it through his Word and what God performs he has and is doing it through his Word. Yes, Word powered strength is designed to be executed in us, just as the prophet Joel has written. The execution of that Word is "quick and powerful, and sharper than any two-edged sword" (Hebrew 4:12). So, live for him, love him, and serve him all by being "Strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might" (Ephesians 6:10), A final thought, with your mission in life as a Christian, then as a servant of the Lord fulfilling your calling, you do not have to run from the multitude of challenges of life, that only promotes weakness. Run to them, WITH HIM in the power of his new found strength in you. Remind yourself of the words of our Lord: "My grace is sufficient for thee; for my strength is made perfect in weakness" (2 Corinthians 12:9). Then, as God is accomplishing his purposes through his Word, you are fulfilling his purposes, and your intended, joy-filled purpose in life. So, "Build up your weaknesses until they become your strong points" (Knute Rockne) IN HIM who "is strong that executed his word."
