---
layout: post
title: A Stranger No More
date: 2021-01-23 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Many are the needs of God's people as they find themselves as foreigners in a godless world. May you meet up with the Word of God and discover anew that the Lord meets up with the believer living the faith life in a land foreign to HIM. The writer of Hebrews speaks of those who lived the life of faith and "confessed that they were strangers and pilgrims on the earth" (11:13). In that same context the message is clear, "God having provided some better thing for us that they without us should not be made perfect" (v. 40). Just what was it that perfected those believers who were of the household of faith? The answer is contextual and certain: they "received not the promise" (v. 39) of the Christ indwelling within, BUT "ye are no more strangers and foreigners, but fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God" (Ephesians 2:19). We are no longer "without Christ, being aliens from the commonwealth of Israel, and strangers from the covenants of promise, having no hope and without God in the world" (Ephesians 2:12). Things change for the believer when he finds himself living under the power of the divine truth of: STRANGER NO MORE. I'm not "without God in the world" anymore, no longer a foreigner to him as I live in a land foreign to him. The Lord knows the world in which we live is not our home, we are just passing through, and on that journey "the LORD preserveth the stranger" (Psalm 146:9). God desires to bring us close in a relationship with him to be a stranger no more.

Stranger no more is the spiritual truth that Moses came to grasp when he met up with God in the wilderness of Midian. Here's the narrative, he had escaped the sword of Pharoah after being found out to have murdered a fellow Egyptian (Exodus 2:14). "Moses feared, and said, surely this thing is known" (v. 14). Now in a strange land, he was joined in marriage with Zipporah who bare him a son. What Moses felt in his isolated soul was made known in his choice of name for his first son: It was "Gershom, for he said, I have been an alien in a strange land" (Exodus 18:3). Then, when his second son was born, he named him "Eliezer, for the God of my father, said he was mine help, and delivered me from the sword of Pharoah" (v. 4). There was a definite transformation in the heart and soul of this "ONCE A STRANGER" man of God. The spiritual message is clear to the believer: Don't consider yourself a stranger to God in the land of his promise, you are no longer "without Christ, being aliens ... having no hope and without God in the world" (Ephesians 2:12). It's no longer a Gershom name imprinted on your soul, because you are no longer a stranger. You have been delivered from the destructive sword of the evil one, and now it's all about an Eliezer experience, just as Moses testified: "The God of my Father ... is mine help" (Exodus 18:4). So, dear child of God, don't be a stranger to your God as you travel as a pilgrim in this strange land; you are redeemed, and there is no more a terror of this world's evil to pounce upon you, no more a Gershom mentality to leave you as a stranger without God in this world. Enjoy your Eliezer experience with God as your helper. So, "Blessed be the LORD. The LORD is my strength, and my shield, my heart trusted in him, and I am HELPED" (Psalm 28:6, 7).
