---
layout: post
title: Make It Your Hosanna
date: 2021-03-27 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

On this Sunday, Palm Sunday we want to take a Biblical look at the Triumphal Entry of Jesus into Jerusalem, as prophesied by Zechariah: "Rejoice, greatly O daughter of Zion. Shout O daughter of Jerusalem, behold thy King cometh unto thee, he is just, and having salvation, lowly, and riding upon an ass, and upon a colt, the foal of an ass" (9:9). That prophetic day began with Jesus sending two of his disciples ahead as he came into the village of Bethphage, for them to bring back a donkey and her colt, upon which he would ride. With his request fulfilled, so was the Word of God; Jesus then mounted that foal, a beast of burden and made what Biblical scholars entitle as the Lord's public offer of his kingdom. It was the presentation regarding his claim as Israel's Messiah and the offer of his spiritual kingdom. He had preached it: "The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: Repent and believe the gospel" (Mark 1:15). So, there he was, riding on the lowly beast, typifying who he was: "meek and lowly in heart" (Matthew 11:29) as he made his entry into the capital city, Jerusalem. And there they were, the chosen race of Israel, who chanted "Hosanna" (meaning: oh, save now), who totally misconstrued the salvation regarding his kingship. As they spread their garments and palm branches (Matthew 21:8) in homage customary for royalty (2 Kings 9:13), their hosanna chant of "oh, save now" was their plea, not from the death grip of sin, but from the oppression of Roman rule. When their expectation of a conquering King over Roman dominance failed to their disappointment, their chant from "Hosanna" changed to a chant of "crucify him" a few days later (Luke 23:20-21). However, his cross brings the real HOSANNA, for the crucified Christ does SAVE NOW!

Oh, may our triumphant chant of "oh, save now" be the HOSANNA cry from our hearts. May the intended triumphant entry of Jesus, the One who brings his conquering power of his kingly rule over sin be ours. Yes, "the time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand, repent and believe the gospel" (Mark 1;15). If one has missed the offer that Jesus made back then on that first Palm Sunday, may our plea now be to the ONE who can "deliver us from the power of darkness and ... (be) translated us into the kingdom of his dear Son. In whom we have redemption through his blood, even the forgiveness of sins (Colossians 1:13-14). Oh, for our hosannas to come alive in our hearts regarding his wonderful salvation. Yes, there was a misconstrued cry for deliverance back then, but may we "get it right" for our day, for our soul's salvation, for our eternal destiny. Here's an added blessing, over time the word HOSANNA became not only a prayer for salvation, but also an invocation of blessing, a celebration of his salvation and all that it entails. So, in today's usage, hosanna can be our exclamation of praise for all the goodness coming from the One who gave his life, for our life, on the cross. May we submit to his kingship rule in our hearts, with His Spirit bringing a life-giving, transcending hosanna into our soul and spirit - that changes who we are. May our HOSANNA be praise-worthy to the lowly ONE who "SAVES NOW." On this Sunday, remember to shout your HOSANNA, all because of his dying love; yes, his death DOES bring life to the repentant believer, so make it your HOSANNA. Love it, live it, and breathe YOUR HOSANNA out in praise unto our crucified KING who lives as the risen KING alive within our hearts for evermore.
