---
layout: post
title: The Wonder of Waiting
date: 2021-05-15 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There is an admonition that is predominant in Scripture to which we all can pay special attention: "Wait on the LORD" (Psalm 27:14). That verse IN itself, gives us the explanation with the inclusive words of that sentence as to the WHY for the wait, especially when there is a heart-cry to the Lord for him do his divine work on our behalf: "Wait ... be of good courage, and he shall strengthen thine heart. Wait I say on the LORD." Do you need some of God's "good courage and strength" today because of any unwanted bewilderment, or any discouragement setting in that frail heart of yours, or any distracting disappointment coming AT YOU? Yes, those unwanted disturbances do come to you, to us all; they are real and you do not want to take them personally, but it's hard not to do that. If they do come, and they will, let's use that disappointment to motivate us to make an APPOINTMENT with our Sovereign Lord. Situations and circumstances in life happen to us all, broken relationships occur, changes involving hurtful events do incur their deadening sting, problems and challenges DO come knocking on everyone's door. When startled with REALITY, we then can become receptive to the alarm going off and we then know it's request time as God reminds us of his open door, and for us to make an entrance. His throne room of grace and mercy has that door for us to enter; God says "come boldly" before me "in time of need" (Hebrews 4:16). In it all and through it all, God telling us: It's waiting time! A time not necessarily for things to change in our lives immediately, but maybe for us, our lives to make the change. God desires for us to see ourselves as He sees us in our trials and challenges, and making it an occasion for us to look to him, for he is the ONE who is in control, and is staking out his claim concerning the attribute of his sovereignty. Paul writes to the Ephesian church and reminds them of God's loving plans decreed for us "according to the purpose of him who worketh all things after the counsel of his will" (1:11). God tells us of his purposes that will be worked out, which have in themselves the valuable worth of the wait. Profundity at times comes with simplicity's terms of explanation: If there is worth (God's plans and purposes to be revealed) in the waiting, it's worth the waiting, my spiritual worshipful activity during the wait. God's worthy plans lay claims for our worthy, spiritual wait. That's what makes our waiting on the Lord a WONDER. There is the wonder in the waiting, God's wonder to be spiritually instilled in us as we wait, and much more wonder and amazement coming to us when his plan is revealed.

The wonder of waiting comes to the one who is defined in the virtuous character of waiting IN THE LORD, on the Lord: "Wait I say ON the Lord." To wait on the Lord is to be in a binding together, heart to heart relationship with the Lord, and having the reward coming to you through the One who is waited on in that spiritual activity. The waiting one who is actively tarrying for the Lord, invites Holy Spirit activity WHO brings HIS encouragement as he undergoes testings (2 Corinthians chapter 1). It's an active spiritual measure of attitude which is heart-placed through his Spirit in the wait, more so than the dimensional measure of time while waiting. Simply explained, there's more to the wait than that of time, it's who you are in your need and who you are then becoming as we trust God for the fulfillment of that need in the wait, all because of the One on whom we wait. We are growing in the Lord; a spiritual wait in our need brings us closer to our Lord. Our deficiency brings us to his efficiency and sufficiency in his provision, and all the while we are becoming more like him: conformed to be "patient in spirit" (Ecclesiastes 7:8), empowered by his Spirit's fruit (Galatians 5:22-ff). When attitudes are Spirit given, attitudes breed constructive, encouraging powers of thought. Inclusive in the Hebrew word "wait" is the collecting of disassembled and wandering intents of the heart peacefully changed because of the expectancy of God at work to bring his plans to fruition under his providential control and power. So, we are empowered during the wait, and we do not fall victim to our circumstance, no matter how severe they may seem to be. No need to let our minds and hearts run wild in our "at times" worrisome imaginations. My, that takes care of the fear factor and lowers the frustration level as we tarry for God to work things out after the cousel of his perfect will. The Palmist reminds us, "The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me: thy mercy, O LORD endureth for ever: forsake not the works of thine own hands (138:8). When he perfects you with his enduring mercy, you endure; you win over all that which is seemingly against you. Remember, he will not forsake you, so trust in the promises of God's Word: "Thou shalt guide me with thy counsel ... my flesh and my heart faileth, but God is the strength of my heart, and my portion forever " (Psalm 73:24, 26). The emphasis of waiting on the Lord is activity, ours as well as the Lord's. Activity? Oh, yes indeed: "Waiting for God is not laziness. Waiting for God is not going to sleep. Waiting for God is not the abandonment of effort. Waiting for God means first: activity under command" (G. Campbell Morgan). Yes, God's imperative is to WAIT. When we do exactly that, WAIT, we do not have to wonder in disbelief if the Lord is going to do anything in our lives, or how he will work it all out on our behalf. Rather, there will be the wonder of God's loving power carefully unmatched to bring about all things "according to the purpose of him, who worketh all things according to the counsel of his will" (Ephesian 1:11). So, wonder no more in frustration, but wait on him, in him, for him, with him in the expectancy of the Lord to do his will PERFECTLY, all the while as you enjoy HIS WONDER OF THE WAIT.
