---
layout: post
title: Thou Crownest the Year
date: 2021-01-02 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Now with the old year behind us, the Lord has given us the newness of another year before us, inclusive of its challenges and blessings. It may be difficult for some to look forward to what the new year holds in store, especially when the hindsight of the past year is somewhat still in their focus. The Word of God does encourage us in moving on from the past, and "reaching forth unto those things which are before" (Philippians 3:13). That transition of looking forward to the new year and its prospect is made possible as we LOOK first to the One seated "on the throne" who will one day say, "Behold I make all things new" (Revelation 21:5). The Lord has sovereign power to bring that newness in his future kingdom, as well as bringing newness NOW to our new year. God is true to his Word as testified by the Psalmist: "Thou crownest the year with thy goodness, and thy paths drop fatness" (Psalm 65:11). When we look first to the Lord and walk anew in the principles of his Word, fearing the Lord, our prospect will be: "Thou crownest the year" so, "oh child of God, leave the future to your God" (Charles Spurgeon).

The Word of God gives us a principled life of which we can journey on in the coming new year. The Scriptures tell us there is wisdom in living in the fear of the Lord (Psalm 111:10). When starting off on the beginning of your new path for your new year, consult not your old fears from your old year, but stay in "the fear of the Lord" (Proverbs 1:7). "The fear of God is the death of every other fear, like a mighty lion, it chases all other fears before it" (Spurgeon). "The fear of the Lord is the beginning of knowledge" (Proverbs 1:7); that knowledge, imparted from the Lord is the starting point for each and every day ahead. We can trust in the ALL KNOWING One concerning our unknowns for the coming year. When it comes to the uncertainties of the days ahead of us, we do not necessarily have to know all that lies before us if we know the Lord and set a godly fear (respect) before HIM. We do not have to know the way, but to know the One who knows the way is essential for a HAPPY NEW YEAR. The prophetic passage concerning the Lord Jesus Christ in whom we dwell as believers speaks of the Spirit of wisdom resting on HIM. "The Spirit of the LORD shall rest upon him, the Spirit of wisdom and understanding, the Spirit of counsel and might, the Spirit of knowledge, and the FEAR of the Lord" (Isaiah 11:2). As we FEAR him and are "filled with the Spirit" (Ephesians 5:18), and as his Spirit rests on us, HE will see you through the coming year safely and securely. Isaiah then tells us that "wisdom and knowledge shall be the stability of thy times, and strength of salvation: the FEAR OF THE LORD is his treasure" (33:6). Oh, cherish a principled life, living in the fear of the Lord, "For in him are hid all the treasures of wisdom and knowledge" (Colossians 2:3). So, consult not your fears of what MIGHT be ahead, rather construct a principled life, trusting in his sovereign decrees for the future, living in the fear of the Lord. Yes, "the fear of the Lord is the beginning of wisdom, and the knowledge of the holy is understanding" (Proverbs 9:10). Knowing HIM and his Word brings the knowledge of his will and his way revealed to us. With the precepts of his Word lived come the prospects of his plans loved, and the purposes of his goodness are fulfilled in our lives.

The plans and purposes of the goodness God are made known in the lives of those living in the fear of the Lord. God chooses to bless his Word, and to bless those obeying the principles of his Word. Here's a question that may be on your heart: Will my year be a HAPPY NEW YEAR? Is blessedness (happiness) going to come my way? Is the goodness of God in HIS plan and purpose designed for my life? Well, let's get back to Scripture, and let his Word reveal the giving goodness of the heart of God, coming to those abiding in his Word. "All these blessings shall come upon thee and overtake thee, if thou hearken unto the voice of the LORD thy God. Blessed shalt thou be in the city; blessed shalt thou be in the field. Blessed shall be thy basket and thy store" (Deuteronomy 28:2, 3). Under the inspiration of Scripture, those were the promises of God that Moses gave to the people of God. The goodness and the blessing of God are always found in the right place, and given to the right people, namely to the children of God, whose heart is in the right place. As physical laws are established by God, his spiritual laws also are governed and fulfilled by HIM. Then, the blessing comes to those obedient to the Word of God. As the Lord promised Moses, the blessing also comes to you: "The Lord said unto Moses, I will make all my goodness pass before thee" (Exodus 33:19). Here's a prayer that places our fleshly fears aside, looking to the Sovereign, caring, blessed One who knows the coming year from beginning to the end. "Dear Heavenly Father, we rely on your sustaining presence as we journey on in the unknow days ahead of us, knowing that YOU are fully aware of every detail, and as promised that 'as thy days, so shall thy strength be' (Deuteronomy (33:25). We ask not for our paths, but for yours as you walk before us and with us. As the Psalmist called on thee, we pray as well: 'Shew me thy ways, O LORD, teach me thy paths' (Psalm 25:4). May we 'commit the keeping of our souls to you in well being as unto a Faithful Creator' (I Peter 4:19). We now join in with a request made to thee of old, 'Oh, our God ... neither know we what to do, but our eyes are upon thee' (2 Chronicles 20:12). We now look to you with eyesight anew, touched by you, waiting for you in anticipation as you crown the year with thy goodness, promised to those who are living in the fear of the Lord."
