---
layout: post
title: The Holy Spirit and You
date: 2021-03-13 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's some important questions for every grateful born-again believer, "Where would we be without the Holy Spirit?  What would our relationship with our God be like without the Holy Spirit's person, power, and presence in our lives?"  Here are some answers to a life without the Spirit of the Living God: being without HIM would limit life to only a shattering, disappointing existence, bombarded with every insecurity, living without hope, possessing no joy, and our lives would be downright miserable - to us and others.  To begin with, there would be no salvation without the Holy Spirit's work of conviction concerning our sin.  The Bible does tell us that "when he (the Comforter, the Spirit) is come, he will reprove the world of sin, and of righteousness, and of judgment" (John 16:8).  The Spirit performs that internal work of conviction in man's heart to show him his need of repentance from sin, so he can be saved, and the Lord by his Spirit leads him to do just that.  "The goodness of God leadeth thee to repentance" (Romans 2:4).   It is his divine work on the lost soul of man:  "God also ... granted repentance unto life" in YOUR LIFE (Acts 11:18).  Jesus preached it, "The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of God is at hand: repent ye, and believe the gospel" (Mark 1:15).  That's the beginning of the work of the Holy Spirit in the life of man, enabling him to "call upon the name of the Lord" (Romans 10:13) to be saved, being born-again of the Spirit (John 3:3).  From there, the Lord has his Spirit's work to be accomplished in the life of the believer.  "Being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ" (Philippians 1:6).  The Lord is ready to do his Spirit's work in our lives, are we ready?

If there is a need for the people of God, it is the need to accept the working of the Holy Spirit in their lives.  It is great that God's people desire to know ABOUT God, but more importantly, we need to KNOW GOD personally (Philippians 3:10).  Every believer should long for an active, personal, powerful relationship with the person of the Holy Spirit, granting him "spiritual understanding" (Colossians 1:9), having "the eyes of your understanding being enlightened" (Ephesians 1:18).  Here's why: As a born-again believer we possess two natures.  We were born with the sin nature that we inherited from Mr. Adam: The New England Primer used in our country's early schools gave the Biblical instruction, "In Adam's fall, we sin all."  That's Bible: "Wherefore, as by one man sin entered into the world, and death by sin; and so, death passed upon all men, for that all have sinned" (Romans 5:12)   That's why we need a sacrificial Savior: "For he hath made him to be sin for us, who knew no sin that we might be made the righteousness of God in him" (2 Corinthians 5:21).  That second "Adam was made a quickening SPIRIT" (I Corinthians 15:45).  The Lord's Spirit makes us alive, granting us the gift of the divine nature imparted to us (2 Peter 1:4) at the moment of your salvation.  From that life in God established at the cross, delivered to the believer born-again, empowered by the person of the Holy Spirit, he now can walk with in the presence of God, by being "filled with the Spirit" (Ephesians 5:18).  It is then that a "Holy Spirit and YOU" relationship becomes SO life essential.   No longer do we need to look to our own abilities, strength, dutiful determination, or natural inclinations to live a life for God.  It's now the Lord and you, not just you trying to make the grade, graduating yourself to a degree of self-righteousness, longing for God's approval.   "For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure" (Philippians 2:13).  So, here's the challenge, surrender to the Holy Spirit, asking him to lead you, empowering your divine nature, and dying daily to the old nature (I Corinthians 15:31).  Here's a prayer for us all:  "Oh Lord, by your Spirit descend plentifully into my heart.  Enlighten the dark corners of this neglected dwelling, and settle in me thy enlightened dwelling" (Charles Spurgeon).