---
layout: post
title: Lost No More
date: 2021-05-01 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

The Gospel of Luke gives the interested Bible reader some beautiful, meaningful parables; one of which is "The Lost Coin" (15:8-10). This interesting story is tucked between the parables of The Lost Sheep and The Lost Son, revealing the value of a lost soul, together with the Lord's seeking interest in finding fallen man, reaching out to him with redeeming love. It would be fitting to rename this story as "The Coin, Lost No More" - all because of that one "drachma" being found through a diligent search, ending with rejoicing. You see, ten of these coins would complete the dowry bridal set, to be worn as the ornamental necklace of the woman in search (representing the Lord's prized possession, His Bride). The lost coin in the Biblical narrative is illustrating the lost state of man FOUND, bringing "joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner that repenteth" (v. 10). Yes, heaven's joy from the heart of God is illustrated in the teaching of this lost coin found. As evident throughout the Gospels, Jesus is the Joyful One desiring to impart his blessed state of gladness to the lost sinner responding to his gospel call ("Repent and believe the gospel" Mark 1:15). Jesus was, is, and ever shall be consumed with divine gladness, because of the BLESSED state of HIS Divine LIFE. The Psalmist tells us: "In thy presence is fullness of joy; at thy right hand are pleasures forevermore" (16:11). As seen from this parable, Jesus wants us to observe, cherish, and be consumed with something ETERNAL, namely the joy that lives in the heart of God. God has designed that heaven's joy comes to repentant man not only at salvation, but for him to enjoy a continual joyful walk with the Savior and with other believers. Now, let's consider God's intended, blessed state of the believer: "Joy, Lost No More!"

Scripture has so much power, living power (Hebrews 4:12) that is addressed to the believer. As the Lord is teaching on the subject of joy in this parable, let us never dismiss the spiritual lesson that gladness does not cease at the time of salvation. As the Lord speaks of the joy found with the coin no longer lost, "likewise" heaven's never-ending joy (v. 10) can fill our hearts continually. So, here's the question dear Christian, is there any "once possessed joy" that needs to be found AGAIN? David, a man after God's own heart did say, "Restore unto me the joy of thy salvation" (Psalm 51:12). In this parable, the Lord is directing our spiritual attention on joy's essential, which is a life essential found in the NEW LIFE given by HIM (2 Corinthians 5:17). Have we in time identified ourselves as a once lost coin of value to Jesus? The Biblical salvation as taught in Luke 15 has the accompaniment of divine joy, HIS JOY. Has Jesus found us WITH JOY? Next question, if we are truly saved, born again (John 3:3), with the Holy Spirit dwelling within, once possessing his fruit of joy (Galatians 5:22), are you now joyful? Then, are you abiding in HIS NEW LIFE in order to be sharing joy in your fellowship as God intended? Then, if you once had joy, and it is lost, are you willing to allow Jesus to find you with his life-giving presence, backed up with the promise of his joy powerfully given by the Holy Spirit? So, how's that "JOY METER" of yours today, as it reads the gladness level of your heart, or lack thereof? Jesus not only possesses the joy that we all need, but he also desires to share his joy with HIS OWN. As you joyfully met up with him at salvation with repentant belief, allow him to meet up with you again with the same receptive, needy heart. Could it be that your glad less, unhappy heart needs a "refill" of HIS joy: "Ye therefore have sorrow, but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice, and your joy no man taketh from you" (John 16:22). Here's your challenge, a spiritual one: make it a "Joy, Lost No More" day, EVERYDAY. Just as the Lord saw you as a Lost Sheep, a Lost Son, and a Lost Coin one day, and gave you joy as a repentant believer, he desires "to see you again" as you abide in him with his joyful fruit of gladness (John 15:5). Joy, you need it, and those in your fellowship want it to be LOST NO MORE.
