---
layout: post
title: Emptiness That Begat Fullness
date: 2021-04-03 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Dear child of God, have you felt any emptiness in your soul lately? Don't be discouraged; rather, it's time to rejoice. The reason: It's all because of the empty tomb which speaks of Jesus being alive forevermore, for HIM TO BE ALIVE IN YOUR HEART. His Holy Spirit has power to bring that fullness of abundant life that only HE can give to an empty soul (John 10:10). You see, when we finally acknowledge the emptiness of everything else, those unfulfilling things devoid of the Lord in this earthly life of ours, that's when HIS RESURRECTED PRESENCE can begin his spiritual work, bringing HIS fullness of life within. Let's begin with Scripture, shall we; Jesus gave us some very important words concerning the life that he offers to the born-again Christian. Jesus told these following words to his disciples before his departure from this world: "Yet a little while, and the world seeth me no more, but ye see me, because I live, ye shall live also" (John 14:19). In that same teaching session with his disciples, the context refers to some very powerful life-giving words given to his followers, all given in preparing them for his death, burial, resurrection, and ascension. Jesus told them that he would be coming back with resurrected life, his life in the person and power of the Holy Spirit: Yes, "Ye shall live also" is in reference to "I will not leave you comfortless, I will come to you" (John 14:18). So, let's get down to some spiritual business, and take a closer look at his resurrection, and the fullness of his life that can fill the void in our empty hearts. It's all about the emptiness of the tomb that brings fullness of life, HIS LIFE IN YOU. It's all about the emptiness that begat fullness: HIS resurrected life.

One of the foundational pillars of our Christian faith is the resurrection of Jesus Christ. Scripture tells us: "If Christ is not risen, then our preaching is in vain, and your faith is also vain" (I Corinthian 15:14). Dear Christian, there is not even a hint of vain faith when it comes to the assurance given from his Word: "But now is Christ risen from the dead (and) in Christ shall all be made alive" (vs. 20, 22). Yes, MADE ALIVE IN HIM (he makes alive), because HE LIVES, and we live in him. The Roman letter speaks of our inclusiveness concerning HIS resurrected life: "Like as Christ was raised up from the dead by the glory of the Father, even so we also should walk in newness of life" (6:1). Backing up, let's look at that promise contingent on the resurrection: your faith is NOT vain (v. 14), defining a vessel containing NOTHING, empty and without life. However, his empty tomb brings us his fullness: Once again, "Because I live, ye shall live also" (John 14:19), all in the context of the promised coming of his Holy Spirit. Here's an added blessing, given to the disciples that had dispositions of which we can all identify. Jesus noticed that his followers needed some life fulfilling words one day, they had some downright empty, failing countenances. When Jesus saw them in their emptiness of despair, this is what he said, "Ye now therefore have sorrow (heaviness, empty of life-lifting power), but I will see you again, and your heart shall rejoice" (John 16:22). So, there it is, Jesus would see them again with resurrected life, given to them with the Spirit's promising life, all because of the empty tomb, of which his life brings fullness. Feeling empty today? See HIM AGAIN, and rejoice! Why? "Because I live ye shall live also" (John 14:19); yes, eternal life in heaven, but heaven in your soul TODAY. Good news, the tomb is still empty, and Jesus still reminds us: "I am he that liveth, and was dead, and I am alive for evermore" (Revelation 1:18). So, Happy Resurrection Day dear child of God!
