---
layout: post
title: The Christ of Your Calm
date: 2021-07-17 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Probably one of the best-known stories in the Bible is the real historical, miraculous account of Jesus and the Calming of the Sea (Mark 4:35-41). The beauty of this story presents itself in the many true to life parallels with the Lord's intervention as he expresses his personal care for his own. The sea is man's life, your life; and we are all on a life's journey as a ship that has set sail in waters, which are not always calm. Yes, as the disciples had experienced that day, a sea that was restless with "a great storm of wind and the waves (that) beat into the ship so that it was now full" (v. 37). The narrative records Jesus being "in the hinder part of the ship, asleep on a pillow and they awake him, and say unto him, Master, carest thou not that we perish?" (v. 38). Sound familiar? I'm sure that we all have had some similar experiences, and all the while it appears that the Lord at times is unaware of our personal dilemmas. And those uninvited sea situations have their own unique power to strike fear within us, and we certainly do not appreciate that uninvited water seeping in our boat. Here's the good news, "And he arose, and rebuked the wind, and said unto the sea, Peace be still. And the wind ceased, and there was a great calm" (v. 39). The story doesn't end there, because this event was more than a sailing venture, it became a disciple moment for faith tested. You see, Jesus then said "Why are ye so fearful? How is it that ye have not faith?" (v. 40). The disciples were taught a very important lesson that day, just as the song writer reminds us: "With Christ in the vessel we can smile at the storm." Maybe this Biblical account of tested faith could be renamed "The Calming of the Disciples" with you included in your boat on life's sea.

"Peace be still" is still the command of our Lord for every disciple, in every ship, found in every sea, tossed by every wind, and the outcome can be ever the same: "There was great calm." The calm comes from the power of the Lord through his Word: "The Lord of peace himself give you peace by all means, the Lord be with you all" (2 Thessalonians 3:16). What a calm assurance from the Lord of peace HIMSELF who is with us, who gives us peace by all means. Just as the Lord of peace had commissioned the disciples: "Let US pass over unto the other side" (v.35), his peaceful presence is with us as well in our commissioned journey of faith. So, dear Christian, did our Lord bring you into the family of God, being born-again of his Spirit? Then, you are onboard the vessel of his fellowSHIP; he "will never leave thee, nor forsake thee" (Hebrews 13:5). Your entire Christin life is a commission to "pass over to the other side." Every path, every muddy road or smooth, every hill and valley, every heated desert floor or plentiful plain, every uncharted wilderness or open field, every mountain climbable or unmovable, through every stormy day and uncertain, remember this: he is your calm when he speaks "Peace be still." So, enjoy his peaceful presence dear sailor, seated safely in the vessel with the Christ of your calm. Remind yourself of your disciple moment lifted from the story: when your faith is tested and then strengthen in HIM, the outcome is always "Peace be still." The storm on the outside never can penetrate the inside when Christ, the peaceful One awakens your faith in spite of your fears. So, anchors aweigh, sail on, pass over with the commission assigned to you, for "Being confident of this very thing that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ" (Philippians 1:6) with Him being the Christ of your calm.
