---
layout: post
title: The Victory Walk
date: 2021-01-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

There are so many powerful truths found in Scripture given by our Lord, encouraging us to live a victorious Christian life. The Apostle Paul gives us a most important Biblical life principle that is so essential to every believer: "Being found in him" (Philippians 3:9). So, the walk of the Christian can be summed up in the spiritual fact that "I am crucified with Christ; nevertheless I live, yet not I, but Christ liveth in me, and the life which I now live in the flesh I live by the faith of the Son of God, who loved me, and gave himself for me" (Galatians 2:20). To the Spirit-filled, born-again believer, his life is all about the Living Word (Jesus) abiding within, enjoying a VICTORY WALK by heeding the written Word. Jesus did tell us, "It is written, man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceedeth out of the mouth of God" (Matthew 4:4). Those were the very words of Christ in the day when "Jesus (was) led up of the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted of the devil" (4:1). Jesus walked in victory that day, being Word filled and Spirit led. Every believer will be confronted with his own particular trials and temptations, but as we are found in Him, the Lord's victory is our victory: being Word filled and Spirit led, as Christ, IN Christ.

The victory walk is available to every Spirit led and Word filled believer, being FOUND in Christ. Here's a Biblical challenge for us all: as Satan is daring enough, and does not limit his tempting prowess while engaging in his intrusive ploys on no man, including the GOD-MAN, in whom do you choose to claim victory. The Lord's repeated and most powerful comebacks concerning the Devils offensive attacks were: "It is written, it is written again, and it is written" (vs. 4, 7, and 10). The Lord was victorious over the evil one that day with the WORD, and therein lies the Biblical weaponry for our victory walk. The Lord extends his right hand and arm of victory as we are found in him, in the Word. The Apostle Paul found himself winning the battle over the tests and trials coming his way, and exclaimed: "But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ" (I Corinthians 15:57). Here's a spiritual equation for your victory walk: Live in the written Word, abiding in the Living Word (Spirit filled) and you will "therefore be stedfast, unmovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord" (v. 58). So, there it is: The Word plus Biblical faith equals victory, all made possible through the Spirit of the victorious One living within.

The victory walk is a powerful walk only made possible through the Word (John 1:1) of God living within, being found in HIM. That living WORD relationship needs to be priority number ONE and so personal to every believer with his LORD. The Bible tells us that "according to his divine power he hath given us all things that pertain unto LIFE and godliness" (2 Peter 1:3). Those "all things" pertain unto YOUR life, your blessed state, and your victorious walk IN THE WORD. Those all things pertaining to (bringing nearness and advantage toward) LIFE (fullness and vitality of God's intended life for your blessedness and happiness), are found in the believers' bond with the LIVING God, backed up with the power of his Word. Remember this: God has created and done "all things" through the divine power of his Word (Genesis 1), including all things pertaining to "YOUR LIFE AND GODLINESS" (v. 3). As Jesus lived in the power of his Father's Word during his earthly ministry, he now ministers in us with his Living Word. Dear believer, take those "WORD STEPS" forward for your victory walk, being found in him. Remember, your Christian life is all about him dwelling within, revealing himself to you as you walk with him in the Word. Jesus promised, "He that hath my commandments and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me, shall be loved of my Father. and I will love him, and will MANIFEST myself to him" (John 14:21). Your victory walk can be summed up in the manifestation of HIS life through the power of HIS Word. The path for the victory walk is for the believer to get in the Word, and for the Word to get in the believer. To love IT is to live it, and to live it paves the WAY for the VICTORY WALK spiritually constructed before you. Remember, it's not all about you, nor your finite, futile power, your religious affirmations, all the while struggling to be a Christian, attempting to only apply the Word to your life. It's all about the Living Word within who applies HIS power, through HIS Word for LIFE ANEW and victory. It's not about your strength, limited and frail, subjected to your humanity, but it comes down to HIS infinite livable power found in the Almighty proclaimed through the divine fiat of his Word ("let it be done") for your victory. In conclusion, and in addition, to the Christian desiring "all things" pertaining to life, it's not about those other unfulfilling, unsatisfying "all things" in life: wanting to be rich, attractive, prominent, famous, worldly successful, desiring power over others, having "arrived" in your "Christian" life, unteachable, unleadable, wanting to win every argument, having to be right all the time, but it's all about being blessed with HIS abundant life (John 10:10), being found in HIM, and then finding yourself on the VICTORY WALK with Jesus.
