---
layout: post
title: The Word and the Work of God's Love
date: 2021-02-13 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Here's a challenge to every born-again believer that needs the encouragement that only God can give when the way gets a little weary and dark: "Has the spiritual tabernacle in which you live for God become more than a place of struggle lately, maybe that 'wanna be' spiritual habitation has worn itself away to become just a half-way house begging for your survival.  If there are some discouraging, darkened rooms that need some light, then why not pull up the shades, open the blinds and let the radiance of God's love shine in anew."   When the loving person of our Lord leaves his indelible mark of love on the heart of the redeemed, that changes everything: from the inside out!  At that decisive moment of your surrender to the Lord, his love WILL BE manifested to the obedient hearts of his children.  Then, when God's love is experienced in you, spiritually manifested toward you, and biblically pronounced before you, the temple in which God lives, lights up with the new life that only the Lord can give.   Oh, let the light shine in, for "in him was life; and the life was the light of men" (John 1:4).  That's right, his light generates life, all in the context of love found in the saving gospel.  Let's look to the LIGHT of God's Word concerning the love of God and allow him to do his work in the hearts of those he loves, that's us!  The love of God, what a subject, but more than something read about or taught, his love is meant to live in you.  Jesus said, "He that abideth (liveth) in me, and I in him, the same bringeth forth much fruit" (John 15:5). The abiding believer is alive in the Spirit of love, and "the fruit of the Spirit is love" (Galatian 5:22).   God's love is alive with his moral affectionate benevolence pronounced ACTIVELY upon man, regarding his best interests in mind.  The love of God is defined in his WORD, and experienced in his WORK in the heart of man.

The Bible WORD AGAPE is defined as an expression of divine love unknown in any Greek writing before divine inspiration.  Agape is God's love that reveals who God is: "God is love" (I John 4:8).  The love of God is that in which the Trinity relates to each other, and the planned activity from eternity in which God relates to man.  God's love is a WORK as well, that prompted the cross, to save mankind by HIS shed blood; and then for the repentant believer to enter into a love relationship with the Lord.  The Lord "commendeth his love toward us, in that while we were ye sinners, Christ died for us" (Romans 5:8).  "For God so loved the world that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish but have everlasting life" (John 3:16).  Yes, the sacrificial death of Christ delivered us from sin, death, and hell.  Then, the Savior set us on the eternal road of life-giving love, no longer deadened in man's religion, but walking in that intimate relationship with the One who loves us, ever revealing that love to us.  Then, as an obedient son to a father, "He that hath my commandments, and keepeth them, he it is that loveth me, and he that loveth me shall be loved of my Father, and I will love him, and will manifest myself to him" (John 14:21).  From the WORD of God's love, we can understand that WORK of God's love manifested.  The Lord knows how to take care of the deepest need of man; yes, his love prompted salvation's work at the cross, but his love doesn't end there.  His love now fills the empty heart, making us whole with him and creating the spiritual bond with our brother in Christ.  The love of God closes the distance that once separated us from the only relationship that eternally sustains us, beginning at the moment when the WORD and the WORK of his love comes to us.  Question: "Where would we be without the love of God?"  Also, "Where are you now with God's love?"  Here's the honest question, "Has the love of God brought you to the cross as a repentant sinner, and called upon the name of the Lord to be saved (Romans 10:13)?" 
