---
layout: post
title: Oneness
date: 2021-04-10 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Looking for a meaningful and lasting relationship that exceeds all others? Look no further than to the ONE looking to you, desiring for you to enjoy the beauty of oneness with him. It begins with being alone, alone with the ONE who will never leave you alone. He told us so, "I will never leave thee, nor forsake thee" (Hebrews 13:5). That spiritual beauty of oneness was, is, and ever shall be a most important matter found in the heart of God. It was Jesus who prayed to his Father, "That they may be one as thou Father art in me and I in thee, that they maybe one in us, that the world may believe that thou hast sent me" (John 17:21). That oneness begins with an "aloneness" with the Father, just as Jesus sought a place to be alone with HIM (John 6:15). Jesus tells us to find THAT "somewhere" - a place where it's just you and him: "Enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, PRAY ..." (Matthew 6:6). Three interesting words stand out in that verse urging our quiet time with our Lord: 1) Closet, meaning a secret room, 2) Door, a closure or portal of a vestibule affording opportunity, and 3) Pray, meaning a supplicating worship from an earnest heart, qualifying that oneness in Spirit. So, let's find a place to meet up with the ONE who wants to meet up with each one of us. That oneness can be birthed into a Biblical, spiritual reality bringing you the best relationship ever. "The LORD he it is that doth go before thee, he will be WITH thee, he will not fail thee neither forsake thee, fear not nor be dismayed" (Deuteronomy 31:8).

Yes, "He will be WITH thee" (Deuteronomy 31:8) meaning he will "be alone, with his presence 'sinking down' in you." Oh, meet up with him in oneness, and the blessings will be bountiful. Isaiah tells us of a meeting place where there is JOY: "Thou meetest him that rejoiceth" (64:5), and that joy comes from HIM. The Psalmist tells us more of that specific location: "The voice of rejoicing and salvation are in the tabernacle of the righteous" (118:6). Why? The reason is clear, the Lord is the JOY-FILLING One who lives and reveals himself THERE, in the tabernacle of the one seeking that oneness with HIM. Now, let's look more specifically at that joyful residence of the one at one with HIM. The Lord tells us that "I will make thy windows of agates (colorful light shining in - dismal attitudes evaporate), and thy gates of carbuncles (an entrance made of God's stone of help, with the "no welcome sign" addressed to enemy of your sou) ... and thy borders of pleasant stones (an enclosure which boundaries provide his delightful pleasures)" Isaiah 54:11. So, no need to pine for any other place, evading HIS PRESENCE most precious; the reason is clear: "In thy presence is fullness of joy, at thy right hand are pleasures for evermore" (Psalm 16:11). You see, "THY way is in the sanctuary, who is a great God as our God" (Psalm 77:13). So, dwell in ONENESS with him: "Sanctify the LORD of hosts himself ... and he shall be for a sanctuary" (Isaiah 8:13-14). Here's the blessing to those seeking his ONENESS: "Thou shalt visit thy habitation" (Job 5:24). When he does, "It shall be to me a name of joy, a praise, and honor" (Jeremiah 33:9). Here's a closing challenge to bring you to that blessed, ONENESS relationship: "Happy are they who live under the conviction that to be in Christ is their ALL" (J .C. Ryle). Remember that the Lord desires and has prayed for YOUR blessed (happy) oneness with him: "I pray for them that they may be one as thou Father art in me, and I in thee" (John 17:21).
