---
layout: post
title: No Good Thing Withheld
date: 2021-01-16 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Need a blessing from God?  Want a blessing from your Lord? Can a blessing be mine from the storehouse of God's goodness?  Is one, two, or many on their way to me from the "Blessed God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ who hath (already) blessed us with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ" (Ephesians 1:3)?  Well, to answer those questions, let's look to the final authority of the Word of God.  The Bible tells us the truth of the matter concerning God's blessings, and to whom he chooses to bless.  Many are the verses that assure us of the blessedness of our God and what he desires for us.  Here is a verse with promise regarding God's principles qualifying the WHAT and the WHO concerning God's blessed activity.  The Psalmist tells us, "The LORD God is a sun and shield; the LORD will give grace and glory, no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly" (84:11).  Here's a short commentary on this verse that the mature believer claims for his own.  The LORD himself is the SUN and the SHIELD to the believer enabling him to be blessed as he engages in a righteous walk, all by grace accompanied by HIS glorious presence within.  Then, no good thing will be withheld from the believer walking in the steps of his Savior.  His grace filled walk in the light is imparted, backed up with HIS glorious shielded power, and then comes the reward of "good things" associated with the name in context: "Oh LORD of hosts (signifying heavenly power over all), BLESSED is the man that trusteth in thee" (v. 12).  

The LORD of Hosts HIMSELF is the believer's Sun, his enlightening power for the blessed, righteous walk, all by grace.  That life becomes precious and valuable for the very reason that HIS glorious person lives within and his presence sustains him.  God chooses to reward that glorious walk with HIM, and he then divinely orders to protect that valuable life blessed.   The LORD of Hosts HIMSELF becomes the believer's powerful Shield for protection from the enemy, in the hunt of stealing the blessing.  Jesus himself said, "The thief cometh not but for to steal, and to kill, and to destroy.  I am come that they might have life, and that they might have it more abundantly" (John 10:10).   So, need an abundant life filled with blessings from God?  Come to the LIGHT of the world, your SUN and be delivered from the darkness of sin, and then be shielded from that which withholds the blessing as you live the blessed Christian life empowered by the LORD of hosts.  The presence of his glorious brilliance is yours as you "walk in the light as he is in the light (and) we have fellowship one with another" (I John 1:7).  The LORD of Hosts says it well, "no good thing will he withhold from them that walk uprightly (v. 11), and "blessed is the man who trusteth in him" (v. 12).