---
layout: post
title: Dwell by the Well
date: 2021-02-20 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Every sincere believer needs to come to the place in his maturing Christian life where he finds Bible answers to some very important questions concerning his relationship with his Lord. Questions of which are, "Lord, are you aware of all that's going on in my life AT THIS VERY MOMENT?" "Lord, do you see where I am, who I am, what's going on within me, what's around me, and before me, and targeted at me?" Well, dear Christian, it's growing time in the Lord, and let's take some going time for a spiritual walk to the Lord's well that he has dug for you, to dwell there, drinking in the answers concerning you, and that which concerns God even more. There is found in the Bible a well named Beer-lahai-roi, that offers a very special drink of encouragement. That well so named is certainly an unusual sounding well, but its significance can be sounding loud and clear when we decide to take a spiritual drink from its source. Here's the Hebrew translation of that well's name: "The well of HIM who lives and sees me!" It was a well from which Hagar drank in her affliction, and that well is reserved for you as well. Refreshing water of life is offered to the thirsty believer when he undergoes experiences similar to Hagar.

The narrative of the banishment of Hagar by Sarai (who could not conceive) from the house of Abraham is a familiar story found in Genesis 16. Suffering from "Sarai (who) dealt hardly (browbeated, humbled) with her, she fled from her face" (v. 6) "when she saw that she had conceived (and) was despised in her eyes" (v. 4). The story continues: "The angel of the Lord found her by a fountain of water" and said "Behold thou art with child and shall bear a son, and shalt call his name Ishmael, because the LORD hath heard thy affliction" (v. 11). "And she called the name of the LORD that spake unto her: thou God seest me, for she said, have I also here looked after him that seeth me? Wherefore the well was called Beer-lahai-roi" (vs. 13-14). A few chapters later, we find Hagar with Ishmael her son, both forsaken, alone, wandering in the wilderness of Beersheba (Genesis 21:14); but, was she alone? Not at all, for Hagar was not out of the reach of God when "she went and sat her down" waiting for death's pronouncement "and lifted up her voice and wept" (v. 16). "God heard ... and the angel of God called to Hagar out of heaven and said unto her, what aileth thee (troubleth, afflicteth, affected with uneasiness) ... fear not, arise ... and God opened her eyes, and she saw a well of water" (vs. 17-19). That well of water was the "well of the living God that seeth me" (Beer-lahai-roi). God is asking us all, "What aileth thee?" He is also reminding us to open our eyes, f
