---
layout: post
title: Your Personal Perfecter
date: 2021-02-06 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Dear Christian, here's a question for us all, is perfection a personal aspiration that we have claimed for ourselves on our journey of faith? If it is, it can be a hard taskmaster that will leave you worn out and depleted of joy as a believer. If trying to be perfect living by your own set of standards is still your goal in life, has any progress yet been made with your personal struggling pursuit on that frustrating endless, dead-end road? Are you there yet, having arrived at that unforeseen destination? In answer to that troublesome course that we all may have engaged in at some point in time during our lives, here's the good news for the redeemed. The Christian has a Personal Perfecter, and his name is Jesus Christ our Lord, "the Author and Finisher of our faith" (Hebrews 12:2). The perfection of our faith was authored by HIM at salvation, for the writer of Hebrews tells us, "For by one offering he hath perfected forever them that are sanctified" (10:14). So, there can be no punishment for those whom he "perfected forever." When the Father views the repentant sinner saved by grace, he sees his only begotten, perfect sinless Son: Jesus our righteousness ( cf. 2 Corinthians 5:21). So, praise the Lord for our perfect salvation, but how about the daily walk of the "not so perfect YET" Christian. The Apostle Paul did say, "Not as though I had already attained, either were already perfect (and) I count not myself to have apprehended" (Philippians 3:12, 13). Well, let's meet up again with the One who has saved us, who will now perfect our walk with him, the One who is the Finisher (Hebrew definition: Perfecter) of our faith.

Jesus is your Personal Perfecter in your soul regarding your walk of faith, and remember this: it is a faith walk, a PERFECTED WALK WITH HIM. You may have said at one time, "Thank you Lord for the good news of your perfect salvation, and yes, you backed it up personally as being, "the Judge of all and the spirits of just men made perfect" (Hebrews 12:33). That said, but here's some simple excerpts that could be heard in an honest talk with the Lord, "Yes, that's me Lord, made perfectly JUST (righteous) by you as a repentant sinner who has place my trust in you, but here I am, and I know who I am, with YOU knowing exactly who I am, being imperfect in myself, and my mind races on to remind myself of my faulty and tainted condition. Then, my emotions run wild telling me who I really need to be in that unattainable plight before thee. I want to live a perfect life before thee, but in all my attempts, working tirelessly to be what I need to be, it's not going to happen. Please, I need your help dear Lord, the work on my soul is too toilsome for me." Well, here's the pivotal point in this message: Let the work begin concerning perfection in you, and it's all Scriptural: "For it is God which worketh in you both to will and to do of his good pleasure"(Philippians 2:13). His perfecting work is spiritual regarding HIS person, his power and his perfection, AND NOT YOURS. So, really it is about HIS PERSON regarding his spiritual work in your person: "The LORD will perfect that which concerneth me (who I am), thy mercy (his loving kindness in pity so needed for our sinful condition) O LORD (an exclamation of joy) endureth forever" (unending, Psalm 138:8). Then, rejoice in HIS POWER: "It is God that girdeth (as in a belt to hold it all together, your perfection included) me with strength (his binding power, not my futile attempts at perfection) and maketh (the Lord at work) my way perfect" (the Lord perfects my way, not me, Psalm 18:32). Oh, don't forget that it's HIS PERFECTION as the Psalmist declared, "Forsake not (the Lord will not be slackened or still) the work of thine own hands" (that's perfection, Psalm 138:8). "Learn from David and take no steps without God" (Charles Spurgeon). Don't step onto that self-travelled, isolated, cold road leading to your own unattainable perfection, step up and step in step with the One who is your PERFECTION; so perfect in his work that he will not forsake you. It's all about our transformation, being conformed to the image of his Son (Romans 8:29). As you yield to His Spirit, we understand that we are "being confident of this very thing, that he which hath begun a good work in you will perform it until the day of Jesus Christ" (Philippians 1:6).
