---
layout: post
title: A Father's Fortress
date: 2021-06-19 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Dads, the Bible stands with the power of the Word ready to be delivered to YOU in your loving leadership in the home.  That which is in the Word of God can be in every DAD who is yielding to that Script of fatherhood found in THE BOOK.  If there is a moral attribute so needed in the life of the one that the family calls DAD, it is the Lord's strength of leadership.  Fathers that know the Lord has a FATHER as well, that "hath commanded thy strength" (Psalm 68:28), and in that very same verse is a prayer: "Strengthen, O God, that which thou hast wrought for us."  "The God of Israel is he that giveth strength and power unto his people" (v. 35), and every DAD can respond with "blessed be God" (same verse), for blessings come as we are strengthened by God.  The father in the home needs to be in the building business, namely, constructing a spiritual house for those boys and girls that are looking to DAD for direction with his life found and lived in the Lord.  There needs to be a FATHER'S FORTRESS, and that spiritual structure begins with the father's love for God: "I will love thee, O LORD, my STRENGTH.  The LORD is my rock, and my fortress" (Psalm 18:1-2).  When DAD claims the Lord as his fortress, he is constructing a divinely built fortress for his family.  Oh, dads, let the building project begin.  Let the foundation be laid in Christ, the walls built in him, every room dedicated to him, and his light on in each of those rooms.

Let the fortress be built in HIS strength, for "the LORD is my rock, and my fortress" (18:2).  When HIS fortress is beheld before our spiritual eyes, we will then have the quest for his STRUCTURE of STRENGTH to house the family as God intended.  When the Lord is the Architect with his blueprint in mind, the dwelling place that HE designs will present itself with the strengths of His fortress: "I will lay thy stones with fair colors, and thy foundations with sapphires" (Isaiah 54:11).  The sapphire stone is a foundational stone to be laid in the celestial Jerusalem (Revelation 21:19).   In folklore, the sapphire stone is believed to symbolize the strengths of wisdom, virtue, holiness, faithfulness, and sincerity.  It is a gemstone also associated with royalty and believed to attract blessings and invite spiritual clarity.  Isaiah tells us a bit more about that spiritual habitation with the Lord at work: "I will make thy windows of agates" (v. 12), allowing God's colorful light to brighten the house that God is building.  An agate was a colorful stone found in the High Priest's breastplate; thus accentuating the Lord's direction brilliantly lighted for display.  Then, how about the doors of that fortress?  Isaiah tells us that the Lord will "make thy gates of carbuncles" (v. 12), "signifying an illumination to an otherwise dark interior" (wikipedia).  Is there some significance concerning Isaiah's reference to "thy borders of pleasant stones" in the landscape of that fortress (v.12)?  Oh, yes, what child would choose to be outside of the Lord's pleasantries, goodness, and blessings?   When the father fulfills the role of being strong in the Lord, and takes a Biblical lead in the family, "all thy children shall be taught of the Lord, and great shall be the peace of thy children" (v.13).  So, DADS, let the Lord be "my rock, and my fortress" so you can build with the Lord a fatherly fortress for the family.  Make it a HAPPY FATHER'S DAY with the hammer of God's Word in hand, and NAIL IT as you are building for him and with him.