---
layout: post
title: The Freedom Maker
date: 2021-05-29 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

Our country's memorial day has a special significance; it is a day set aside to remember those who fought and died in battle to give us the liberties that we enjoy every day. Yes, we must never forget those veterans in every branch of military service who will not be coming back alive to our shores of freedom; we must always remember them and their loved ones for their loss. It's been said, "All gave some, and some gave all" and it is to those who gave the supreme sacrifice that we give our patriotic pledge in remembrance, as well as our heart-felt thankfulness. There is another memorial day for which we can be mindful; remembering the ONE who fought the battle of sin, and gave HIS all in death, being our VICTOR: "But thanks be to God, which giveth us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ" (I Corinthians 15:57). The Captain of our faith has granted us the freedom over death, sin and self. You see, "He died for all, that they which live should not henceforth live unto themselves, but unto him which died for them, and rose again" (2 Corinthians 5:15). The repentant believer can rejoice in their spiritual freedom because of the living truth of their Living Savior: "And ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you free. If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed" (John 8:32, 36). Rejoice dear child of God, for everyday is HIS memorial day; He is the Victor that has granted you your freedom from sin and self.

Rejoice and make every day HIS memorial day; be thankful, remembering that Jesus fought the battle of sin and won. The Old Testament prophet Isaiah foretold that victory for the redeemed: "He will swallow up death in victory and the Lord God will wipe away tears from all faces ... for the LORD hath spoken it" (25:8). Then, the New Testament writer Matthew recorded it: "He (will) send forth judgment unto victory" (12:20). His victory by the judgment on sin was executed by the payment of his blood sacrifice on the cross; that has been validated for the repentant believer (Colossians 1:20). The Apostle Paul assures us of sin's judgment taken care of by our crucified Christ: "Death is swallowed up in victory" (1 Corinthians 15:54). Then, to give the born-again child of God all the assurance that he will ever need, the Apostle John tells us: "The blood of Jesus Christ his Son cleanseth us from ALL sin" (I John 1:7). It's the blood sprinkled way all the way to glory for the born-again believer: "For whosoever is born of God overcometh the world, and this is the victory ... even our faith" (I John 5:4). Yes, Jesus fought the battle of sin, and died for our sins in that confrontation with the enemy, namely sin, but He rose again for our victorious life to be lived freely in HIS Spirit of liberty (2 Corinthians 3:17). He fought and won the battle for you, for your freedom from the punishment of sin, freedom from the power of sin, and freedom from the presence of sin as we enter our eternal home. That freedom comes to you from HIS life-giving gospel, not man's watered-down plan of salvation, dismissing Biblical truth and His Spirit's life. As Jesus confronted sin, so does the gospel with its demand for repentance from sin. Freedom then comes with redeeming grace and forgiveness based on the blood sacrifice of the Savior as payment for sin's wage on the cross. The salvation that Jesus gives is life-giving, HIS LIFE for you and in you, and that life is supernatural. Being born-again (John 3:3) with the Spirit of His life within, and that changes the heart bound in sin, renews the will, transforms the life so that it is evident that the miracle of redeeming grace is displaying the freedom that only Jesus can give. "If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed" (John 8:36). Make every day HIS MEMORIAL DAY, remembering HIM, the Freedom Maker, liberating you from the power of sin. Jesus said, "Repent ye and believe the gospel: (Mark 1:15). "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved" (Romans 10:13).
