---
layout: post
title: The Value of Grace
date: 2021-01-30 00:30:00
author: "Pastor Dave Johnson"
---

What really is the value of anything of worth? Isn't the worth of something tallied as to what it cost, and that value is calculated in the heart's eye of the buyer? So, with the payment made, is that which is paid for of the same value as the payment? Questions like that deserve answers, BIBLICAL answers, especially when it comes down to the payment of redemption for a lost soul, which is the life blood of the Savior. The Bible tells us, "For by grace are ye saved through faith, and that not of yourselves, it is the gift of God" (Ephesians 2:8). God's free gift of grace comes to the redeemed on the basis of the highest price paid; yes, your redemption is a free gift, but it certainly cost the Savior HIS VERY LIFE'S BLOOD: "Forasmuch as ye know that ye were not redeemed with corruptible things, as silver and gold, from your vain conversation received by tradition from your fathers; but with the precious blood of Christ, as a lamb without blemish and without spot" (1 Peter 1:18-19). So, as a believer, your salvation was freely given to you by the grace of God, so then, your salvation is as valuable as that grace freely given, based on the price paid by the Grace Giver. Your redemptive worth is valued, measured, and weighed on the same scale as the precious redemptive price graciously given. So, let's view the value of grace in the life of the believer, as he lives in fellowship with God and with his brothers and sisters IN THE GRACE of Christ.

The Apostle Paul explains to the Ephesian church the divine revelation from the Lord regarding the dispensation of grace; namely, the way in which the Lord carries out his purposes in the lives of believers. More specifically, the Apostle is directing the dispensational manner in which the believer lives in a purposeful grace relationship with God and one another. The Word is setting the standard for the believer in his graced behavior, and the placement of the value of grace in the fellowship of believers. As our redemption cost the payment of Calvary's blood, the value of each and every believer has GRACE WORTH beyond human comprehension. You see, as believers, we are "to the praise of the glory of his grace wherein he hath made us accepted in the beloved ... having made known unto us the mystery of his will, according to his good pleasure which he hath purposed in himself, that in the dispensation of the fullness of times he might gather together in one all things in Christ" (Ephesians 1:6, 9-10). We gather together in the oneness of Christ, valuing HIM, his grace, and the value that God's grace places in the lives of those saved by grace. So, any quest foreign to the grace of God in the interpersonal relationships of believers in the church is totally distant from that which he purposed in himself, "according to the good pleasure of his will." God's purpose of his will in the fellowship of grace is pleasurable to the Lord and his children, accomplished by his favor in us, to us, through us, and from us. As we are reminded of "Grace be to you" (Ephesians 1:2), may that same grace come from God to you, then through you and to others. Then as Barnabas, "when he came and had seen the grace of God, was glad, and exhorted them all, that with purpose of heart they would cleave unto the Lord" (Acts 11:23). Oh, value GRACE, and with that grace value others so graced, and you will be part of what God intended: A GLAD FELLOWSHIP.
